('AAPL', None, ['LONDON -Apple is appealing against a British government order to create a back door to its encrypted cloud storage systems, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal confirmed on Monday. The...', 'Apple is appealing against a British government order to create a back door to its encrypted cloud storage systems, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal confirmed on Monday. The IPT said...', '', '', '', '', 'Tariff protection is a key factor as a billionaire investor warns the market is a falling knife. Check out why these stocks are ideal dip buys.', 'It’s too early to say whether tariffs that whacked Apple’s share price last week will result in an iPhone price increase, but some customers aren’t waiting to find out.  Sales associates at two Apple stores in San Francisco on Saturday said some customers mentioned the tariffs as their reason for buying new iPhones.  May Lee, a San Francisco resident, said she was already planning to buy a new iPhone in the near term, but decided to purchase it now, ahead of any potential tariffs-related price hikes.', 'CII has undergone a name change and policy update and received a significant distribution boost since our last update. Read why CII CEF is a Buy.', "Warren Buffett has built a fortune for Berkshire Hathaway shareholders.  Buffett's success at buying stocks of great businesses and holding them for the long term has inspired many investors to follow his style.  Berkshire held a stock portfolio worth $271 billion at the end of 2024.", "The tech giants that powered the stock market for the past two years were among the hardest hit this week in this week's big selloff.  Apple shares shed 16% of their value over two days—Thursday and Friday— as the company draws the bulk of its business from hardware manufactured in countries like China that were hit with steep tariffs.  The corporate software and cloud computing services that make up the bulk of its business are less exposed to tariffs in general.", "His decision last year to shed most of Berkshire Hathaway's Apple stock now looks especially well timed.", "Apple (NasdaqGS:AAPL) experienced a 14% price decline over the past week, coinciding with broader market downturns amid escalating trade tensions. President Trump's recent tariff announcements triggered a severe market reaction, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 suffering substantial losses, while the Nasdaq entered bear market territory. Apple's significant presence in China likely exposed it to heightened vulnerabilities due to imposed tariffs. Despite developments in digital health...", '(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Hochul Says Trump’s Tariffs Are Already Hurting New York EconomyPresident Donald Trump has vowed his historic tariff blitz would revive domestic manufacturing, but i', "Warren Buffett has been the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.A)(NYSE: BRK.B) for decades.  Berkshire Hathaway has a huge public equities portfolio.  Given Buffett's history of avoiding investments at the cutting edge of technology, it might be surprising to learn that he owns $67 billion of this artificial intelligence (AI)-related stock (as of April 1).", '(Bloomberg) -- Hon Hai Precision Industry Co.’s first-quarter sales rose at their fastest clip since 2022 on resilient data center demand, a bright sign for the artificial intelligence sector amid tariff-induced fears.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Hochul Says Trump’s Tariffs Are Alre', "The Trump administration's tariffs will significantly hurt Silicon Valley tech companies like Apple, which has manufacturing operations in China, Vietnam and India.", 'Key moments from the last seven days, plus a glimpse at the week ahead', 'Analysts weigh in on the impact newly imposed reciprocal tariffs by President Donald Trump on other countries and the effect it could have on Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) and its products, such as the iPhone. The Apple Analysts: Rosenblatt analyst Barton ...', 'This is what Apple pays for components inside its bestselling phone, and how Trump’s China tariffs could raise the bill.', "Read about the impact of Trump's tariffs on U.S. markets, Big Tech stocks, and smaller businesses, plus tips to navigate with dividend growth investing.", 'Three stocks which have generated 100-bagger returns for investors over the past 20 years are Booking Holdings (NASDAQ: BKNG), Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: REGN).  Over the past two decades, Booking Holdings has experienced significant growth as demand for its online booking services has skyrocketed.  Booking.com, Kayak.com, and Priceline.com are some of the names travelers first go to when looking to book a trip -- and Booking Holdings owns all those brands.', "Trump's tariffs impact Apple from market selloffs to profit challenges, amid fears of economic recession and declining premium product demand. See more on AAPL here.", "TAIPEI -Taiwan's Foxconn, the world's largest contract electronics maker, posted its highest first-quarter revenue ever on strong demand for artificial intelligence products but said it would need to...", '(Bloomberg) -- Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Hochul Says Trump’s Tariffs Are Already Hurting New York EconomyWhen US President Donald Trump slapped bigger-than-expected tariffs on imports from around the world, Americans lamented pending prices hikes for Champagne, Parmesan and Ferra', "Taiwan's Foxconn, the world's largest contract electronics maker and Apple's biggest iPhone assembler, reported on Saturday that its first-quarter revenue jumped 24.2% to a record high for the...", '', 'We recently published a list of Mag7 and Beyond: Top 10 AI News Updates and Ratings. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other top AI news updates and ratings. According to a study presented at a European Central Bank conference, companies that manage to […]', 'Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer says companies need to continue to invest through tumultuous markets.', 'MARKETS MAIN  The Score is a weekly review of the biggest stock moves and the news that drove them. Nike President Trump’s so-called “Liberation Day” tariff announcements wreaked havoc on the stock market.', 'Shares of Apple, Tesla, and Nvidia extend losses Friday after China says it will impose a 34% retaliatory tariff on all imported goods from the U.S.', 'Nvidia and Tesla led megacaps lower on Friday as stocks continued to sell off amid a global trade war.', '(Bloomberg) -- The S&P 500 Index declined to the lowest level in 11 months, slashing $5.4 trillion in market value in just two sessions as Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said the Trump administration’s tariffs “could have a persistent impact on inflation.”Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’', 'Apple stock tumbled for the second consecutive day on Friday amid fallout from the steep tariffs announced by President Donald Trump.', '(Bloomberg) -- Shares in companies that have large manufacturing operations in Vietnam, including Nike Inc. and Lululemon Athletica Inc., soared Friday after President Donald Trump said Vietnam was willing to eliminate tariffs to avoid new US levies. Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trai', 'All of Big Tech is feeling the heat from President Donald Trump’s latest tariffs and the escalating global trade war.  Every company has its own unique set of risks stemming from the radical shift in U.S. policy, but Apple faces battles on several fronts.  Indeed, the company has been flagging potential problems since early in Trump’s first term.', "WASHINGTON -A deal to spin off the U.S. assets of TikTok was put on hold after China indicated it would not approve the deal following President Donald Trump's tariffs announcement this week,...", 'Several powerful income machines are crashingâ\x80¦ but could thrive under Trumpâ\x80\x99s new tariff regime. We share 2 stocks that we think are likely to profit immensely from this trade war.', 'Apple has lost $450 billion in market capitalization since President Trump announced his reciprocal tariffs on Wednesday. Shares are now trading below $200 per share.', 'Tesla, Inc. stock faces short-term challenges but holds strong long-term potential with its robotaxi program and robotics development. Click for my TSLA update.', "Microsoft's Copilot is getting a slew of intelligent upgrades, leaving rival Apple further behind in the AI wars.", "Trump's new tariffs impact Apple Inc.'s supply chain, earnings, and valuation. Click here to find out why AAPL stock is a Sell.", "Trump's surprise tariffs hit Apple like a freight train. Is this the start of a global tech supply chain reset?", "The CEO did not name any specific customers but said the company is in discussions with Google, Apple, Facebook ,  Amazon  and Microsoft .  In the field of advanced artificial intelligence chip manufacturing, TSMC  holds the lion's share of the market as it supplies wafers to several leading tech firms and chipmakers in the world.", 'Nvidia and Tesla led megacaps lower on Friday as stocks continued to sell off amid a global trade war.', 'Trump’s widespread tariffs will “cause an economic Armageddon” that could “take the U.S. tech industry back a decade” while “China steamrolls ahead,” according to Wedbush analyst Dan Ives.', "Apple's fiscal 2025 EPS could fall 28% to $5.27 without a tariff exemption, Needham said.", "Trump's tariffs on 185 nations spark a $2T market drop. Click here to find out more on Market Outlook.", 'Global stock markets plummeted further on Friday after China said it would strike back at U.S. President Donald Trump with additional tariffs of 34% on U.S. goods, escalating a trade war that has...', 'Tariffs are expected to lead to price increases. But could it lead to your iPhone costing $3,500? Wedbush Securities global head of technology research Dan Ives explains how it could happen in the video above. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief\xa0here.', "Apple's 2025 earnings could take a $2 hit per share without relief from U.S. tariffs on China and India-made goods", 'We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Everyone is Talking About After Trump’s New Tariffs. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks everyone is talking about after Trump’s new tariffs. Countries are beginning to react to President Donald Trump’s new reciprocal tariffs […]', 'Wall Street is wasting no time adjusting their views on certain stocks in the wake of bruising Trump tariffs.', "Not great. Here's their combined loss of market value Thursday, according to Dow Jones Market Data—a record one-day wipeout: $1.03 trillion lost market value Given their size, those moves translated into huge market-value drops: Apple alone lost $311 billion.", "Apple might be having a tough time rolling out its new AI systems, but don't count it out as an investment just yet.", 'Apple (AAPL) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.', 'Invest in strong dividend growth stocks! Apple & Microsoft can outperform S&P 500, offering solid risk-adjusted returns and financial. Read more about GOOG and AAPL.', 'Apple extends losses after shares of the iPhone maker lost $313.5 billion in market cap on Thursday after President Donald Trump announced tariffs on U.S. trading partners, while Tesla and Nvidia tumble after China says it will impose a 34% retaliatory tariff on all imported goods from the U.S.', 'Learn how to navigate market volatility as sector rotation shifts focus to defensive assets. Click here for more information on Market Outlook.', 'The hunt for cheap stocks begins.', "Trump's tariff announcement continues to shake markets and is leading to shocking estimates from some analysts on how the price of goods might change for US consumers.", 'These U.S. companies might have the most at stake as other countries counter Trump’s tariffs', 'Tariff Impact Lose Billions in Tech Sector Market Value', 'Flexera has introduced Cloud License Management, a solution designed to enhance the management of cloud software expenditures, which have become a significant concern for organizations with cloud spend challenges surpassing even security issues. This new tool allows organizations to gain a comprehensive understanding of their cloud software investments across platforms like Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. By providing a unified view of cloud software spend, along with actionable...', '', 'Tech giant Apple lost more than $300bn in market value', 'Markets sink most since 2020 as investors react to U.S. levies, Apple sits at ground zero of trade war, more news to start your day.', "The Nasdaq Composite, one of the U.S. stock market's three main indexes, has had an interesting few months.  Just because the Nasdaq has struggled doesn't mean investors should avoid it completely.  One way is through the Nasdaq-100, a subset of the Nasdaq Composite that contains the largest 100 non-financial companies trading on the Nasdaq stock exchange.", "Trump's tariffs hit Apple Inc. hard, with it down 9%. Click here to know how AAPL's supply chain dependencies make it vulnerable to tariffs.", 'PALM BEACH, Florida/BEIJING/WASHINGTON -China announced additional tariffs of 34% on U.S. goods on Friday, the most serious escalation in a trade war with President Donald Trump that has fed fears of...', "President Trump promised big tariffs, and he didn't disappoint. Here's what sources are telling Yahoo Finance's newsroom about the tariff impact to certain sectors and asset classes.", 'Believe it or not, there are other things going on in the world of business and tech than tariffs and sell-offs in the "Magnificent 7." Take blockchain, crypto and Web3 – three areas that continue to see their fair share of startups seeking to make their names. Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi sits down with Mysten Labs co-founder and CEO Evan Cheng. Cheng has spent good chunks of time in tech leadership roles at Apple (AAPL) and Meta (META). Since 2021, he has been building the Web3 platform Mylen Labs. The timing looks to have been spot on, as the crypto space has notched several wins under the Trump administration. With President Trump leaning into making the US the bitcoin (BTC-USD) capital of the world, what does it mean for Web3 early entrants such as Mylen Labs? Cheng weighs in,and shares how leadership lessons learned at Apple and Meta are paying dividends at his startup. For full episodes of Opening Bid, listen on your favorite podcast platform or watch on our website. Yahoo Finance\'s Opening Bid is produced by Langston Sessoms', "Tariffs could significantly impact Apple's EBIT margin. Click here to find out why I think AAPL stock is a hold for now.", 'Dow Jones Plunges 1,000 Points On U.S.-China Trade War Fears; Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Sell Off', 'For Q1 2025, Andvari is up 7.2% net of fees while the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) is down 4.3%. Click here to read the full letter. ', 'The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Friday', "Despite recent revenue and EPS growth, Apple's free cash flow declined significantly, questioning the justification for its high valuation multiples. Read more about AAPL stock here.", "Trump Tariffs: How China's Retaliatory Move Is Hitting The S&P 500", "Dan Ives, senior equity research analyst at Wedbush Securities, discusses the potential impact of President Donald Trump's tariffs on US technology companies. Ives looks at the fallout for the Mag...", '(Bloomberg) -- There’s virtually nowhere to hide for many US technology companies under President Donald Trump’s new tariff regime, the harshest in a century.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?After Thursday’s slump wiped $1.4', 'Dow Jones Futures Dive As China Retaliation Vs. Trump Tariffs Raises Recession Fears', 'Apple And Meta Get Nixed — But Top Funds Binge On This Stock', "Dividend-paying companies tend to be more resilient than their non-paying peers, and the regular payouts can smooth out losses, especially during a bear market, something many investors fear may be on the horizon.  It's no surprise, then, that buying shares in excellent income companies is part of Warren Buffett's strategy -- he's not considered the greatest investor of all time for no reason.  Let's consider two that are worth holding on to forever: Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Visa (NYSE: V).", 'A mild recession from Trumpâ\x80\x99s tariffs may lead to a 50% drop in the S&P 500. See why holding overvalued stocks is illogical in this once-in-a-decade chance.', "The Oracle of Omaha's all-time favorite stock to purchase has outpaced the S&P 500 by more than 21 percentage points in 2025, and 75 percentage points over the last five years.", 'Vanguard Mega Cap Growth Index Fund ETF is a top pick for high-growth AI and tech exposure. MGK focuses on a smaller number of high-growth tech stocks. See more here.', "Navigate market volatility with ease with top ETFs like Fidelity's High Dividend ETF and SPDR's S&P 500 ETF for income, growth and affordability. See more here.", 'Apple has come under pressure amid fears of tariff impacts, which are likely to be less significant than market expectations. See why AAPL stock is a Buy.', '8 high-quality dividend stocks with top return potential for 2025. Click here for a detailed analysis.', 'This is what could next to Apple shares.', 'Follow the latest on Trump’s tariff war', '(Bloomberg) -- Berkshire Hathaway Inc.’s stock sailed through a turbulent trading session Thursday, falling only slightly while indexes across the globe plummeted on President Donald Trump’s sweeping tariff plans.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation', 'U.S. stock indexes saw their biggest drop in value since March 2020, one day after President Trump announced a 10% across-the-board tariff for all foreign imports, and higher rates for other countries.', 'Should you sell these 5 tech stocks heavily exposed to tariffs?\xa0How to crunch the numbers.', 'The whole U.S. stock market is feeling the pain from the sweeping new tariffs that President Trump announced Wednesday after the market closed.  As of 1:10 p.m. ET Thursday, the blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average had fallen by over 1,300 points (3.1%), the broad market S&P 500 was off by 3.9%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite was down by 4.9%.  At that time, shares of Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) traded more than 8% lower, Meta Platforms (NASDAQ: META) was down more than 6%, and shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) were off by more than 3%.', 'The tariff-fueled sell-off has erased $800 billion from Magnificent Seven stocks.', 'Stock Market Today: Dow Plunges Nearly 1,700 Points; Small Caps Hit Bear Ground But These Stocks Shine (Live Coverage)', 'Shares of iPhone and iPad maker Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) fell 9.1% in the morning session after President Trump announced "reciprocal tariffs" on all US imports, set at a minimum rate of 10%.', 'Apple (AAPL) moving its supply chain and having its products made in the US is a "fantasy tale," Wed', "Investing.com -- In February, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook was at the White House announcing a plan to invest a massive $500 billion in the U.S. over the next four years. Trump lauded the deal and refers to it frequently to highlight his administration's economic success. However, the agreement hasn’t saved the company from Trump’s newly announced tariffs.", 'Tech, Media & Telecom Roundup: Market Talk', "WASHINGTON/OTTAWA -U.S. trading partners threatened to ratchet up a trade war with the United States on Thursday as President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs ignited fears of steep price hikes in the...", 'President Donald Trump on Thursday said he would consider a deal for TikTok where China approves the sale of the short video app in exchange for relief from U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports.Trump said...', 'Trump Tariffs Take Down Apple, PC, Consumer Electronics Stocks', 'The ‘Magnificent Seven’ saw a record $1 trillion wipeout — and Apple led the way', 'These Stocks Moved the Most Today: Apple, Nvidia, Tesla, Nike, Dell, Bank of America, RH, Lamb Weston, and More', 'A Schwab Network commentator unveiled a bearish, short-term option play on Apple (AAPL), while a guest on the same segment expressed bullishness about the stock market’s outlook. A Bearish Options Trade on AAPL “Apple has the most exposure to tariffs” among large tech stocks, Schwab commentator Tom White said. He noted that the company’s products […]', 'Your favorite iPhone could soon become pricier, thanks to tariffs.  U.S. President Donald Trump imposed a series of sweeping tariffs on countries around the world that could drastically alter the landscape of global trade, and consumer goods like iPhones could be among the hardest hit, analysts said on Thursday.  Most iPhones are still made in China, which was hit with a 54% tariff.', 'Apple (AAPL) shares were down by 8.4% at the market open on Thursday, leading the decline of Magnificent 7 stocks after President Donald Trump announced “reciprocal tariffs” following the market close on Wednesday.', 'The Stock Market Pain Is Just Getting Started. ‘This is How You Sabotage the World’s Economic Engine.’', 'Lucid Had Its Best Quarter Ever. Why the Stock Is Falling.', 'Apple’s costs are about to go way up thanks to tariffs.  The biggest question facing the world’s most valuable company now is whether to make customers pay for it—or investors.  Apple was the worst hit among megacap tech stocks in the tariff-sparked selloff, given that it is the only one in the group that depends on hardware not made in the U.S. for the majority of its revenue.', 'Trump Tariffs Impact: The Hardest Hit And Who Is Holding Up On The S&P 500', "U.S. equities are plunging at midday, dragged lower by the Trump administration's sweeping reciprocal tariffs. The Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, and Nasdaq all plummeted.", "Some of the world's biggest companies are on track to lose billions of dollars of value Thursday, with Trump's aggressive tariffs ripping through the stock market. Here are the top five U.S. companies losing market value:   Apple: $290 billion   Nvidia: $183 billion   Amazon: $165 billion   Meta Platforms: $104 billion   Broadcom: $65 billion   ? Dig deeper with Heard on the Street's analysis.", '(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersChicago School District Agrees to Minimum 16% Teacher Pay RaiseWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Donald Trump’s decision to boost tariffs on almost every country will deal a blow to China', 'Schwab Network commentators Oliver Renick and Jenny Horne expressed bearishness on Apple (AAPL) stock today. Renick suggested that AAPL could get hit worse than its peers by the market’s retreat because it has tended to be the last refuge for investors, while Horne asserted that the tech giant’s forays into AI have been disappointing so […]', 'Apple’s supply chain and sales are highly reliant no foreign nations. That puts the company at particular risk in a global trade war.', "President Trump's tariff plan has Wall Street on edge, with the S&P 500 (^GSPC) trading 4% lower. In the latest Market Minute, Catalysts Anchor Madison Mills takes a closer look at some of the stocks and sectors that are feeling the pain. Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute.", 'Nike shoes, iPhones and diamonds are all collateral in Donald Trump’s trade war, with the prices of all these items and others set to be affected by “liberation day” in the US.', "WASHINGTON/OTTAWA -U.S. trading partners threatened to ratchet up a trade war with the United States on Thursday as President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs ignited fears of steep price hikes in the...", 'Investing.com -- The recent U.S. reciprocal tariffs announced by President Donald Trump are poised to significantly increase hardware costs for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), according to TF International Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. The tariffs, which affect 85-90% of Apple’s hardware assembly currently based in China, as well as the remainder in India and Vietnam, are set at 54%, 26%, and 46%, respectively. If Apple decides to maintain its current pricing structure, its gross margin could potentiall', "Businesses around the globe on Thursday faced up to a future of higher prices, trade turmoil and reduced access to the world's largest market after U.S. President Donald Trump confirmed their worst...", "Nike, American Express share losses contribute to Dow's 1,437-point drop", 'Apple drops after new U.S. tariffs take effect; BofA lowers target but says risks can be managed via supply chain', 'The Magnificent Seven stocks all tumbled Thursday in the wake of the Trump administration’s sweeping reciprocal tariffs—with Apple faring worst of all.', 'Apple (AAPL) is leading the "Magnificent Seven" losses in premarket trading as President Trump\'s sweeping tariffs hit the tech sector. Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Alexandra Canal joins Morning Brief to examine how the Magnificent Seven and semiconductor stocks are reacting to Trump\'s tariffs. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.', "Dow's 1,319-point fall led by losses in Nike, American Express shares", 'Best Buy could be walloped from new Trump tariffs.', 'Apple (AAPL) is relatively well-positioned to withstand tariffs, as it has “enormous pricing power,” Angelo Zino, a Technology Equity Analyst and Senior VP at CFRA Research said yesterday on Schwab Network. AAPL Has Many Attractive Qualities, Zino Says Calling AAPL one of the “safer” names in the tech sector, Zino also praised the company’s high […]', 'Your favorite iPhone could soon become much pricier, thanks to tariffs.\xa0 U.S. President Donald Trump imposed a series of sweeping tariffs on countries around the world that could...', "Nike, American Express share losses contribute to Dow's nearly 1200-point drop", "Nike, Goldman Sachs share losses lead Dow's 1,366-point fall", 'Apple, 2 Other Stocks Are ‘Worst Positioned’ in Tech Hardware for Tariffs', "Businesses around the globe on Thursday faced up to a future of higher prices, trade turmoil and reduced access to the world's largest market after U.S. President Donald Trump confirmed their worst...", 'Consumer and tech brands top 20 worst-performing S&P 500 stocks Thursday as tariffs rattle markets', "Nike, Amazon.com Inc. share losses lead Dow's 1,531-point fall", 'Dow Jones Plummets 1,200 Points On Trump Tariffs; Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Plunge', "Nike, Apple share losses lead Dow's 1,181-point fall", "Megacap U.S. tech companies including Apple and retail giants Walmart and Nike led a global market meltdown as President Donald Trump's sweeping new tariffs heightened fears of a spike in costs...", 'XLK is exposed to megatrends that should continue to advance over the coming decades regardless of the trade war. Read why XLK ETF gets a Sell rating from me.', 'Dow Jones Futures Dive On Huge Trump Tariffs; Tesla, Apple, Nvidia, Taiwan Semi, Palantir Sell Off', 'Trump Tariffs Smash Asia. How a Global Trade War Will Hurt U.S. Stock Markets and 5 Other Things to Know Today.', "U.S. stock index futures tumbled on Thursday after President Donald Trump's sweeping tariffs on major trade partners heightened fears of an all-out trade war that could push the global economy into a...", 'Insights from a new study focused on widening the use of eye-tracking as a control method for mobile devices could offer a sharper view of the smartphones of the future.Making interactive elements...', "Southeast Asian nations reeled on Thursday as they were hit with some of President Donald Trump's heftiest tariffs, which now threaten the economies that have benefited from investment since he...", 'Apple and Amazon Promised Us Revolutionary AI. We’re Still Waiting.', 'As concern over tariff paralysis and prospect of stickier inflation continued toÂ\xa0challenge investor confidence in historically expensive market in March, the S&P 500 dropped more than -5.6%', 'Apple shares fell sharply in extended trading Wednesday after President Trump unveiled sweeping reciprocal tariffs, including a steep 34% import tax on China, the country where the iPhone maker manufactures about 90% of its products. Monitor these major chart levels.', "ASML faces a 40% stock decline, slowing growth, and rising Chinese competition. Explore key risks and why it's a hold for now.", '(Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. is finding itself squarely in the crosshairs of President Donald Trump’s new tariffs, even after a yearslong effort to insulate the iPhone maker from trade wars and supply chain disruptions.Most Read from BloombergMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersWhat Frank Lloyd Wright Learned From the DesertChicago School District Agr', 'Computer and electronics makers are likely to face higher production costs after President Donald Trump announced new reciprocal tariffs on Asian nations.  Trump said the reciprocal tariff rate on China will be 34%.  Most of the world’s electronics are made in Asia, including Apple and Samsung smartphones, tablets, video game consoles, and big screen TVs.', "Stocks sold off late Wednesday as President Trump's reciprocal tariffs proved to be harsher than many on Wall Street had expected.", "Shares in some of the biggest U.S. technology and consumer firms fell late Wednesday following President Trump's announcement of significant tariffs, including 34% on China and 46% on Vietnam, nations that export large amounts of goods to America.", 'Epic Games CEO Tim Sweeney, whose company makes Fortnite and tools for other developers, including Unreal Engine, called out Apple and Google as "gangster-style businesses" engaged in illegal practices while speaking at a Y Combinator event on Wednesday. The executive also emphasized how the big tech companies\' practices directly affected his own business by scaring away users from installing Epic\'s Games Store software and preventing Epic from attracting developers to its offerings. Notably, Ep', 'Apple’s stock is getting pounded on tariff news. Don’t freak out just yet.', '', 'Explore strong-performing sectors like oil & gas, waste management, and REITs while avoiding tariff-sensitive stocks. Click for my exclusive tariff picks.', "Madison Mills, joined by Tematica Research chief investment officer Chris Versace, examines some of the top trending tickers on Yahoo Finance's platform. NewsMax (NMAX) stock pulled back from its post–initial public offering (IPO) skyrocket. Trump Media & Technology Group (DJT) is in focus after Truth Social filed papers with the SEC that could allow US President Donald Trump to sell his stake worth $2.3 billion at Tuesday's close. Visa (V) reportedly offers Apple (AAPL) $100 million to switch its credit card to the Visa network, according to reports from the Wall Street Journal. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.", 'Apple has been fielding offers from payment network providers and banks as potential partners for its credit-card program.', "Visa has reportedly offered Apple around $100 million in a bid to replace Mastercard as the provider of the Cupertino-based tech firm's payments network.", 'News of the day for April 2, 2025', 'Just weeks after approaching its all-time high, the Nasdaq Composite is tumbling.  Concerns about new tariffs, weakening consumer sentiment, geopolitical tensions, and a stock market that was already trading at lofty valuations have investors playing defense, selling stocks, and wondering how long this pullback will last.  The members of the "Magnificent Seven" -- the much-watched group of tech megacaps comprised of Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA), Meta Platforms (NASDAQ: META), and Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) -- have almost all fallen even further.', "Warren Buffett and his crew at Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.A) (NYSE: BRK.B) have one of the best investment track records of all time.  Few investors have been able to match Buffett's success over Berkshire's long history.  This value-investing style may not be as popular as it once was, but it has worked out well for Berkshire Hathaway shareholders.", 'Apple has been fielding offers from payment network providers and banks as potential partners for its credit-card program.', 'Visa (V) has proposed $100 million to Apple (AAPL) in a move to take over network operations on the', 'Investing.com -- Losing market share to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Pay remains the largest overhang for PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL), but Mizuho analyst believes these concerns may be overstated.', 'With perfect or tone-deaf timing—take your pick—China’s Communist Party mouthpiece, People’s Daily, is rolling out a miniseries this week titled “Fully Understanding the Mutually Beneficial Nature of China-U.S. Relations.”  Part 1 cited a Tesla factory in Shanghai making energy-storage batteries and Apple partners making electronics in China as examples of the benefits for the U.S. in doing business in China.  Part 2, published Wednesday, features an Iowa farmer whose soybeans are exported to China.', 'Half a century after its founding in Albuquerque, New Mexico on April 4, 1975, Microsoft (MSFT) consistently ranks as one of the world’s most valuable companies. Currently sitting on a $2.7 trillion market cap, the software company, now based in Redmond, Washington, has turned into an artificial intelligence leader.', "Dow Jones Futures Slide Ahead Of 'Liberation Day' Tariffs; Nvidia, Tesla Sell Off", '', "Authored by Babak Akhlaghi on March 28, 2025. I've watched with growing fascination as artificial intelligence transforms nearly every sector of our economy. But as someone deeply immersed in patent...", 'Bitcoin Price Rises and XRP Falls. How Cryptos Are Trading on This Key Day for Markets.', 'The Fund returned 13.42%, reflecting performance at the net asset value of Class I shares with all distributions reinvested for the quarter ended December 31, 2024.', 'The Fund returned -0.25%, reflecting performance at the net asset value of Class I shares with all distributions reinvested for the quarter ended September 30, 2024.', 'European tech regulations are barriers to trade that disproportionately affect American companies, according to a U.S. trade report published one day before President Trump’s planned reciprocal tariffs.  The European Union applies some of its toughest digital rules to the world’s biggest companies and online platforms, including Google, Apple and Meta Platforms.  The U.S. trade report said the rules put a disproportionate burden on American companies and have resulted in what it called “excessive fines” for violating a law that aims to make it easier for smaller companies to compete against tech giants.', "Apple (AAPL) concluded the recent trading session at $223.19, signifying a +0.48% move from its prior day's close.", 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discusses These 8 Stocks & Says Trump’s Focused On His Goals And Not The Market. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the […]', 'Visa  has offered  Apple  a roughly $100 million payment to get the tech giant’s credit card, part of a battle between the country’s biggest payment networks for the splashy Apple card.  The Apple card is up for grabs because  Goldman Sachs  the bank behind it, is getting out of the consumer lending world.  What hasn’t been known is the equally fierce fight playing out between the networks to win Apple, with Visa and  American Express  trying to unseat  Mastercard  according to people familiar with the matter.', "Visa has offered Apple roughly $100 million to take over the tech giant's credit card partnership from Mastercard, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing sources familiar with the...", 'Investment bank Citi said Apple stock looks attractive as the consumer electronics giant expands the availability of Apple Intelligence.', "Shares of banks and other financial institutions ticked down amid anxiety ahead of the Trump administration's tariff unveiling. Visa offered Apple a roughly $100 million payment to get the tech...", 'Citi maintains Buy rating on Apple as AI features expand to new languages and products amid stock weakness', 'Teresa Ribera’s trip comes as her department wraps up investigations into Apple and Meta under the Digital Markets Act — the European Union’s digital antitrust law.', 'The major averages were mostly lower near noon, with the Dow up fractionally but the Nasdaq down nearly 250 points amid mounting concerns about President Donald Trump’s upcoming announcement of promised new tariffs. Meanwhile, the S&P 500’s early losses brought the index to its lowest level since September. Looking to commodities, gold prices are sharply higher, continuing their rally to over $3,150, while oil prices are also up over 2.5%. Get caught up quickly on the top news and calls moving s', 'Apple boasts a strong brand, exceptional financial metrics, and prudent capital allocation, but current valuation is too high. Click to read why AAPL is a Hold.', '(Updates shares.) MDA Space (MDA.TO) said Tuesday that it agreed to acquire SatixFy Communication', 'iOS 18.4 adds Apple Intelligence support for more languages and brings features to EU users.', 'Is it time to buy the Magnificent Seven after a rough quarter?', 'Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Apple, Alphabet, Tesla and Nvidia are part of the Zacks Investment Ideas article.', 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says I’m With Trump & Discusses These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented that President […]', 'Apple hit a stumbling block when its AI-enabled Siri update was delayed, but it can bounce back, say Citi analysts.', 'Tesla Short Bets Soar to 81M Shares as Stock Plummets 32% YTD', "By Edith Hancock Europe's top antitrust enforcer travels to Washington D.C. to meet her U.S. counterparts this week, timing that throws the tension between them into sharp relief, with President...", 'Apple and Google’s mobile stores have been hosting several popular “private browsing” apps operated by a company connected to a Chinese cyber...', 'Foxconn Set to Ramp Up iPhone Production in India to 30 Million Units', "Recent developments in Cloud AI highlight the evolving role of Kubernetes in enhancing cloud, edge, and bare metal deployments, with a focus on security and operational efficiency. Sidero Labs has been recognized as a Fast Mover and Challenger in the 2025 GigaOm Radar Reports for its capabilities in managed Kubernetes and edge computing solutions. The company's Omni platform simplifies enterprise Kubernetes management through centralized control, security features, and support for...", 'Shares of Apple, Nvidia, and Microsoft have exploded in recent years, as investors poured money into stocks that were best positioned to take advantage of the rise in artificial intelligence (AI).  The U.S. government is also running a fiscal deficit, where spending during a fiscal year exceeds revenue.', 'Magnificent Seven Stocks: Amazon, Google, Tesla Rally; Nvidia Reverses Higher', 'For the year ending December 31st 2024, the return for the Rochon Global Portfolio was 24.9% versus 26.8% for our benchmark. Click here to read the full commentary. ', "Despite Apple's minor rebound from recent lows, the stock is still down over 10% for the year. Find out 3 reasons to avoid AAPL.", 'Harvest Portfolio Management chief investment officer and Wall Street Beats partner Paul Meeks is on a self-described tech stock buying strike. Meeks joins Wealth with Julie Hyman to explain why, discuss macro conditions, examine the tech landscape, and more.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here.', 'Apple Stock Nears Citi’s Worst-Case. Shares Could Gain 36%.', 'Dow Jones Futures Fall On Trump Tariff News; Newsmax IPO Rockets 40%', "In fact, each of the 10 largest stock holdings in Berkshire's portfolio pays a reliable dividend.  Keith Noonan (Apple): Paying a dividend is typically a good sign that a company is generating reliable profits, and Apple has frequently ranked as the world's most profitable business over the last decade.", 'US tech companies will be most adversely impacted by deglobalization, leading to declining returns and lower valuations. Read more to see my thoughts', 'The Autorité said the implementation of Apple’s ATT framework was “neither necessary nor proportionate”.', 'Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) are two of the popular stocks among individual investors, but the hedge fund billionaires listed below sold one and bought the other in the fourth quarter.  Izzy Englander of Millennium Management cut his stake in Apple by 9%.  Dan Loeb of Third Point sold his entire stake in Apple.', "Baidu's advancements in AI, strategic partnerships like the one with Apple, and the impressive growth of its Apollo Go robotaxi service, highlight its strong growth potential.", "Apple's financial strength, brand loyalty, and innovation-led growth make it a resilient, defensive tech stock amid high-interest rates. See more on AAPL stock.", 'Apple (AAPL) is upgrading its Health app and adding a health coach, enabled by a new artificial inte', 'Here’s what’s worth streaming in April 2025 on Netflix, Max, Hulu, Disney+ and more', 'We recently published a list of 10 Debt Free Halal Stocks to Invest in Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other debt free halal stocks to invest in right now. Debt-Free Halal Stocks to Invest in Amid High Interest Rates The current […]', 'US stocks have plummeted as Wall Street doubled its predictions of a recession in America in the wake of Donald Trump’s trade war.', "Apple Intelligence, the iPhone maker's suite of AI-powered tools and features, is gaining new features. Most notably, the company on Monday announced that Apple device owners will now be able to take advantage of Priority Notifications, which allows Apple's AI to highlight your most time-sensitive notifications in a new format. Other updates are coming to the Image Playground app and the Mac. Plus, Apple Intelligence is now available to iPhone and iPad users in the EU and on the Apple Vision Pro", "Apple announced on Monday that it's rolling out visionOS 2.4, bringing Apple Intelligence-powered AI features to the Apple Vision Pro. The update also introduces new spatial experiences and the Apple Vision Pro app for iPhone. With Apple Intelligence on the Apple Vision Pro, users will get access to writing tools that allow them to rewrite, proofread, and summarize text with the help of AI. Users will also get access to Image Playground and Genmoji in order to create unique AI-generated images a", '', 'We recently published a list of Billionaire Ken Fisher’s Top 13 Growth Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other billionaire Ken Fisher’s top growth stock picks. “Who am I to tell you anything, much less anything that counts? Or that there are […]', 'Impax Large Cap Fundâ\x80\x99s equities posted marginally positive returns during a fourth quarter that was dominated by the US presidential elections and its ramifications.', 'Goldman Sachs has cut its S&P 500 target for the second time this month as its economists raised their projection of a U.S. recession to 35%.', 'ChatGPT, OpenAI’s text-generating AI chatbot, has taken the world by storm since its launch in November 2022. What started as a tool to supercharge productivity through writing essays and code with short text prompts has evolved into a behemoth with 300 million weekly active users. 2024 was a big year for OpenAI, from its partnership with Apple for its generative AI offering, Apple Intelligence, the release of GPT-4o with voice capabilities, and the highly-anticipated launch of its text-to-video', 'Meta Stock Slumps the Least in a Bad Quarter for the Mag 7. Tesla Is Set to See Its Worst First Quarter Ever.', "Apple (AAPL) is in focus after France's antitrust watchdog organization fined the iPhone maker $162 million just ahead of US President Donald Trump's reciprocal tariff implementation. Madison Mills and Bullseye American Ingenuity Fund portfolio manager Adam Johnson examine Apple stock's price action and the factors at play. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.", "Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) settled lower after Friday's session. Apple is reportedly making a change to its leadership structure by promoting Vanessa Trigub, signaling long-term succession planning for Senior Vice President Deirdre O’Brien. The company has decided to introduce a new position — vice president of stores and retail operations — and name Trigub to the role, according to a report by Bloomberg, citing people with knowledge of the matter. Trigub, who has been with Apple since 2", "Although GameStop is back in the news, advisor Barry Ritholtz isn't taking the bait.", 'The Dow Jones is made up of 30 of the most established and influential companies in the market. But even blue-chip stocks can struggle - some are dealing with slowing growth, outdated business models, or increasing competition.', 'TSMC Expects $2 Trillion of Products to Use Its Next Chip Technology Within 5 Years', '', 'The French Competition Authority said Apple had abused its dominant position in the distribution of mobile applications for iOS and iPad devices.', "PARIS (Reuters) -Apple was hit with a 150 million euro ($162.4 million) fine by French antitrust regulators on Monday for abusing its dominant position in mobile app advertising on its devices via a privacy control tool.  The fine - the first by any antitrust regulator over Apple's App Tracking Transparency tool - comes a year after the European Union hit the company with a 1.8 billion euro antitrust fine for thwarting rival music streaming services on its App Store.  The head of the French Competition Authority dismissed worries that the decision would prompt retaliation from U.S. President Donald Trump who has threatened to slap fines on EU countries fining U.S. companies.", 'The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Monday.', 'The Hartford Large Cap Growth ETF outperformed the Russell 1000 Growth Index during the quarter. Read more here.', 'Dow Jones Slides 400 Points On Trump Tariff Threat; Nvidia, Palantir, Tesla Dive', "Shipments of foreign-branded smartphones, including Apple Inc's iPhone, in China rose 9.2% in February year-on-year, according to Reuters calculations based on data released on Monday from a government-affiliated research firm. Calculations on the data from the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT) showed that during the month, shipments of foreign-branded phones rose to 2.64 million units, up from 2.42 million units a year earlier. As the largest foreign phone maker in China's smartphone-dominated market, Apple's performance plays a significant role in the overall data on foreign-branded phone shipments in the country.", 'France’s competition regulator fined Apple over concerns the company abused its dominant position in mobile apps through its iPhone and iPad’s operating system.', "The Oracle of Omaha is a big believer in concentrating Berkshire's invested assets into his top ideas.", 'France’s antitrust watchdog fined Apple 150 million euros ($162 million) on Monday over a privacy feature protecting users from apps snooping on them because its introduction resulted in abuse of competition law.  The French Competition Authority said the aim of Apple’s App Tracking Transparency (ATT) requiring iPhone and iPad apps to ask users for permission before tracking them was not in itself open to criticism.', 'Warren Buffett Stock Smashes AI Stocks, S&P 500 With Sterling 2025 Performance', ''], None, '-8')
('GOOGL', None, ['', '', '', '', "Alphabet's search dominance declines as ChatGPT hits 500M weekly users. Read why I rate GOOG stock a Hold and wouldn't recommend buying it for new investors.", 'CII has undergone a name change and policy update and received a significant distribution boost since our last update. Read why CII CEF is a Buy.', "The recent market sell-off has opened the door for some good buying opportunities in growth stocks.  Down just over 20% from its highs, Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) is trading at one of its lowest valuations in its history with a trailing price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) of around 34.  The company's cloud computing business, Amazon Web Services (AWS), has been its biggest growth driver, as the company helps customers create and deploy their own artificial intelligence (AI) models and apps on its platform through the help of its Bedrock and SageMaker services.", 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Raises Big Question About Tariffs & Discusses These 11 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer asked the […]', '(Bloomberg) -- Hon Hai Precision Industry Co.’s first-quarter sales rose at their fastest clip since 2022 on resilient data center demand, a bright sign for the artificial intelligence sector amid tariff-induced fears.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Hochul Says Trump’s Tariffs Are Alre', 'While the "Magnificent Seven" stocks have been some of the best investments over the past few years, they\'ve been poor performers in 2025.  Investors are moving their money from stocks they deem risky to either cash or safer investments, and the Magnificent Seven are some of the stocks they turn to first to raise capital.', "The recent market sell-off has created some nice opportunities in the market for long-term investors, particularly among artificial intelligence (AI) stocks.  This includes several AI semiconductor stocks besides Nvidia, which has also seen its stock come under pressure.  Let's look at two AI chip stocks that investors can look to buy ahead of the next AI stock bull run.", 'The share price of Arm Holdings (NASDAQ: ARM) rocketed higher in the first month of 2025, but the British technology company saw a significant pullback since hitting a 2025 high on Jan. 22.  Arm stock has traded down 44% since then as investors pressed the panic button over multiple headwinds.  Does the sharp pullback that Arm saw in the past couple of months present a buying opportunity for long-term investors?', 'Recent volatility hasn\'t altered the compelling long-term growth opportunities ahead of these "Magnificent" stocks.', "Read about the impact of Trump's tariffs on U.S. markets, Big Tech stocks, and smaller businesses, plus tips to navigate with dividend growth investing.", 'We recently published a list of Mag7 and Beyond: Top 10 AI News Updates and Ratings. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other top AI news updates and ratings. According to a study presented at a European Central Bank conference, companies that manage to […]', '', 'Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer says companies need to continue to invest through tumultuous markets.', 'We recently published a list of 11 Best Innovative Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other best innovative stocks to buy according to analysts. Innovative stocks are the companies that continuously invest in developing new products, services or […]', 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Thoughts on Liberation Day, Tariffs, and 17 Stocks to Watch Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Tuesday, April 1st, the host of Mad Money opened the show […]', '(Updates with additional details from the second paragraph.) Japanese chipmaker Rapidus is in dis', "Microsoft's Copilot is getting a slew of intelligent upgrades, leaving rival Apple further behind in the AI wars.", 'All "Magnificent Seven" names — Nvidia (NVDA), Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Tesla (TSLA), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), Meta (META), and Apple (AAPL) — are in the red under Trump\'s second administration. Yahoo Finance podcast Stocks in Translation host Jared Blikre takes a closer look at the group\'s moves. Catch more Stocks in Translation here, with new episodes every Tuesday and Thursday. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.', "The CEO did not name any specific customers but said the company is in discussions with Google, Apple, Facebook ,  Amazon  and Microsoft .  In the field of advanced artificial intelligence chip manufacturing, TSMC  holds the lion's share of the market as it supplies wafers to several leading tech firms and chipmakers in the world.", 'Successful stock investing starts with having rules to handle Nvidia, Palantir and others. Learn how to invest following this three-step routine.', 'Tariffs impact markets, S&P 500 outlook, and why current valuations present a prime opportunity to invest in the U.S. Click to read why SP500 is a Strong Buy.', "Not great. Here's their combined loss of market value Thursday, according to Dow Jones Market Data—a record one-day wipeout: $1.03 trillion lost market value Given their size, those moves translated into huge market-value drops: Apple alone lost $311 billion.", 'Spotify Advertising (SPOT) on Wednesday unveiled “how we’re making it easier than ever for advertisers to buy, create, and measure on and for our platform. We’ve been hard at work investing in our ad platform, modernizing our ad tech, and solidifying industry partnerships to become a platform that delivers results for advertisers of all sizes. During our first Spotify Advance event in New York City, we showcased a suite of new ad solutions that will unlock the full power of Spotify. This next st', "Apple might be having a tough time rolling out its new AI systems, but don't count it out as an investment just yet.", 'Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Alphabet (GOOGL). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.', 'Alphabet (GOOG) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.', 'Learn how to navigate market volatility as sector rotation shifts focus to defensive assets. Click here for more information on Market Outlook.', "SandboxAQ, a startup drawing on quantum computing techniques to develop quantitative artificial intelligence models for enterprises, said it has raised $150 million from new investors including Google, Nvidia and BNP Paribas.  The investment has increased SandboxAQ's Series E round to $450 million, valuing the startup at $5.75 billion.  With this, SandboxAQ's total funding has reached $950 million, with T. Rowe Price Associates and Breyer Capital among backers.", 'Flexera has introduced Cloud License Management, a solution designed to enhance the management of cloud software expenditures, which have become a significant concern for organizations with cloud spend challenges surpassing even security issues. This new tool allows organizations to gain a comprehensive understanding of their cloud software investments across platforms like Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. By providing a unified view of cloud software spend, along with actionable...', '', 'Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. challenges Nvidia with AI chip progress, offering better cost-performance metrics and strong growth potential. Read more about AMD stock here.', 'CoreWeave, Inc. stock surged 42% in a week, but high debt, tech risks, and fierce competition raise red flags. Click for our updated look at CRWV stock prospects.', 'One of these is Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), as it reached valuation levels rarely seen over the past few years.  History is pretty clear about what happens over the next few months when Alphabet reaches this valuation, and it gives a strong signal for what investors should do with the stock.  Alphabet is the parent company of Google, YouTube, Android, and other subsidiaries under the Alphabet umbrella.', "Trump's tariffs hit Apple Inc. hard, with it down 9%. Click here to know how AAPL's supply chain dependencies make it vulnerable to tariffs.", "Richard Gingras is to chair the board of Sault Ste. Marie's Village Media Inc. after serving as global VP of news at the tech giant", 'For Q1 2025, Andvari is up 7.2% net of fees while the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) is down 4.3%. Click here to read the full letter. ', 'The great news is companies have an easy way of managing the situation, and announcing this particular move usually gets investors pretty pumped up.  A great example is Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), which split its stock back in 2022 and has since seen the shares climb more than 40%.  Is the tech powerhouse ripe for another split?', 'On March 24, 2025, Judge Rita F. Lin of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California granted in part and denied in part a motion to dismiss a putative class action against...', 'Tech stocks were pummeled Thursday following President Trump’s earlier tariff announcement, a sign of how vulnerable the sector is to a possible recession as well as to higher prices on everything from consumer goods to hardware.  The six tech companies with trillion-dollar market capitalizations (Apple, Nvidia, Microsoft, Amazon, Alphabet and Meta Platforms) lost a combined $985 billion in stock market value today.', '(Bloomberg) -- The retail traders who have stormed the markets in recent years were among the only investors buying on Thursday as US stocks had their worst day since June 2020.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Small investor', 'The tariff-fueled sell-off has erased over $900 billion from Magnificent Seven stocks.', 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Discusses These 8 Stocks & Says Trump’s Focused On His Goals And Not The Market. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, […]', 'Chinese e-commerce merchants are going to have a much harder time selling their products in the U.S. - at least at cut-rate prices.  Among megacap tech stocks, Amazon and Meta were the hardest hit in Thursday’s tariff-sparked selloff, save for Apple.  The two stocks closed down 9% on Thursday, with Meta losing twice as much on a percent basis as Google-parent Alphabet, which is its largest rival in online advertising.', 'With Gen AI Ads and Spotify Ads Exchange, the platform aims to simplify ad buying and scale creative production', 'The whole U.S. stock market is feeling the pain from the sweeping new tariffs that President Trump announced Wednesday after the market closed.  As of 1:10 p.m. ET Thursday, the blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average had fallen by over 1,300 points (3.1%), the broad market S&P 500 was off by 3.9%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite was down by 4.9%.  At that time, shares of Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) traded more than 8% lower, Meta Platforms (NASDAQ: META) was down more than 6%, and shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) were off by more than 3%.', 'The tariff-fueled sell-off has erased $800 billion from Magnificent Seven stocks.', 'Communications services shares dropped, with media and entertainment companies taking the worst damage as the economic outlook darkened. Fox, Walt Disney and Warner Bros Discovery all lost more...', 'After Meta (META) disclosed that its head of AI Research is leaving, CNBC reported that the tech giant is facing multiple other challenges on the AI front. Has Meta Lost Its AI Momentum? Joelle Pineau, who was the head of Meta’s AI Research department for eight years, is leaving the company, CNBC reporter Deirdre Bosa […]', 'Lyft’s aspirations in the autonomous vehicle market are challenged by stiff competition, analysts say.', "More than two years after Google was caught flat-footed by the release of OpenAI's ChatGPT, the company has dramatically picked up the pace. In late March, Google launched an AI reasoning model, Gemini 2.5 Pro, that leads the industry on several benchmarks measuring coding and math capabilities. That launch came just three months after the tech giant debuted another model, Gemini 2.0 Flash, that was state-of-the-art for the time. Google's Director and Head of Product for Gemini, Tulsee Doshi, to", 'We recently published a list of Top 10 Stocks to Watch as AI Trade Dynamics Change. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other top stocks to watch as AI trade dynamics change. Aswath Damodaran from NYU Stern School of Business said in a recent […]', 'Tesla Stock Tanks Amid Musk Rumors, Trump Tariffs, Dismal Delivery Data. What’s Next.', 'Nvidia’s CEO Has a Plan for Tariffs. Here’s What He Said 2 Weeks Ago.', 'These leading AI companies are some of the best stocks in tech to buy right now.', 'A sharp break below a stock’s 10-week moving average, in conjunction with high volume, often acts as a sell signal. Consider Amazon’s recent rise and fall.', 'Catch up on the top industries and stocks that were impacted, or were predicted to be impacted, by the comments, actions and policies of President Donald Trump with this daily recap compiled by The Fly: TARIFF PLAN: President Donald Trump’s team is finalizing plans for reciprocal tariffs to be unveiled on Wednesday, with multiple proposals under consideration, including a tiered tariff system and a customized reciprocal plan, Bloomberg’s Josh Wingrove and Jennifer A. Dlouhy report. The tariffs a', 'Former Twitter CEO and Bitcoin supporter Jack Dorsey questions Google CEO Sundar Pichai for "permanently" removing Bitcoin developers mailing list.', 'We came across a bullish thesis on Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) on Substack by LongTermValue Research. In this article, we will summarize the bulls’ thesis on GOOGL. Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)’s share was trading at $157.04 as of April 2nd. GOOGL’s trailing and forward P/E were 19.53 and 17.64 respectively according to Yahoo Finance.. Alphabet maintains its dominance across […]', "Musk is not leaving DOGE just yet, and TSLA's EV business is struggling. AV progress is now key to Tesla's comeback story.", 'Alibaba Group Holding (NYSE:BABA) plans to release Qwen 3, an upgraded version of its flagship AI model, by April. China’s tech leaders have flooded the market with affordable AI services since a domestic AI startup, DeepSeek, showcased a robust model that it said cost just several million dollars to build, Bloomberg reports. OpenAI, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google and Anthropic have similarly released new models. Also Read: Alibaba’s March Expo Sparks 27% Jump In US Small Busin', 'Bumbershoot had over 10+ companies drop more than -15% in Dec. 2024. So, why does Bumbershoot actually believe 2024 was a solid year? Find out. ', 'The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Thursday.', "Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) is the world's largest company -- by about half a trillion dollars as I write this.  In fact, considering the current state of Apple's business and the growth trajectories of some of its competitors, I think it's highly likely that Apple will lose its title of the world's largest company within the next few years.  There are four companies that could pass Apple in that time frame.", '', '(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersChicago School District Agrees to Minimum 16% Teacher Pay RaiseChina vowed to retaliate against Donald Trump’s biggest tariffs yet, putting the world’s largest economies on a collision course that risk', 'The argument for owning a stake in this long-leading technology name is even stronger when you look at less-obvious metrics.', "The Dividend Harvesting Portfolio's profitability declined by only -0.70% compared to the S&P 500's -2.8%. Read more to see the portfolio's week 213 update.", "The recent market pullback has created some nice bargains in the technology space.  Trading at a forward price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) of 23 times based on this year's analyst estimates and a price/earnings-to-growth (PEG) ratio of near 0.4, Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) finds itself in the bargain bin.  Stocks with PEGs under 1 are typically considered undervalued, and it's difficult to find companies that have been growing as quickly as Nvidia.", "Alphabet's AI integration, robust cash flow, and profitable Google Cloud make it a top investment choice. See more on GOOG stock here.", 'The latest trading day saw Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) settling at $158.74, representing a -0.09% change from its previous close.', 'In the most recent trading session, Alphabet (GOOGL) closed at $157.04, indicating a -0.02% shift from the previous trading day.', 'Epic Games CEO Tim Sweeney, whose company makes Fortnite and tools for other developers, including Unreal Engine, called out Apple and Google as "gangster-style businesses" engaged in illegal practices while speaking at a Y Combinator event on Wednesday. The executive also emphasized how the big tech companies\' practices directly affected his own business by scaring away users from installing Epic\'s Games Store software and preventing Epic from attracting developers to its offerings. Notably, Ep', 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer is Discussing These 10 Stocks Ahead of Q1 Earnings Season. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer is discussing ahead of Q1 earnings season. Jim Cramer in a latest program on CNBC […]', "Alphabet's Google is replacing Sissie Hsiao, who led the development of the artificial intelligence chatbot Bard, now known as Gemini, the company told staff in its AI division on Wednesday. Hsiao will step down immediately, a company spokesperson confirmed. Josh Woodward, who leads Google Labs and oversaw the launch of NotebookLM — the company's popular tool that can turn text into a podcast-like show — will replace her.", 'Youth-centric gaming and social platform Roblox has earned positive notices from Wall Street analysts for its new advertising initiative. Roblox stock rose on Wednesday.', 'Trump’s tariffs are having a surprising impact on the U.S. dollar. Here’s how investors can benefit.', 'Q1 2025 was highly volatile, mainly due to high exposure to tech stocks. Click here to find out more about Portfolio Strategy.', 'We recently published a list of 10 Best US Stocks To Buy For Foreign Investors. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other best American stocks to buy. In the coming week, the resilience of the US stock market will be challenged as President Trump’s […]', "With international tensions reaching critical levels, trade networks under severe pressure, and inflation's relentless grip on consumer spending power, investors face a genuinely challenging landscape.  After a punishing first quarter that erased most of late 2024's impressive gains, we're witnessing something not seen since late 2022: substantial value in a host of world-class companies.  As markets continue their downward trajectory in early 2025, several premier businesses now trade at significant discounts to their long-term potential.", 'Microsoft, Alphabet, Nvidia and Amazon are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog.', "AMZN's Nova AI shows promise, but capacity constraints and rich valuation suggest holding current positions while awaiting clearer monetization signals in 2025.", 'Quantum computing is becoming the next big technology to hit the markets, and there are all sorts of ways investors can take advantage of this trend.  While there are multiple pure-play quantum computing investments available, those are incredibly risky, as they already have premium valuations despite a high chance of not working out.  As a result, I think investors are better off looking at established tech players investing in quantum computing rather than a pure play.', 'Just weeks after approaching its all-time high, the Nasdaq Composite is tumbling.  Concerns about new tariffs, weakening consumer sentiment, geopolitical tensions, and a stock market that was already trading at lofty valuations have investors playing defense, selling stocks, and wondering how long this pullback will last.  The members of the "Magnificent Seven" -- the much-watched group of tech megacaps comprised of Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA), Meta Platforms (NASDAQ: META), and Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) -- have almost all fallen even further.', '', "Few technologies captured the market's attention quite like artificial intelligence (AI) over the course of the last few years.  It comes as no surprise, however, given the enormity of the technology's potential power -- at least according to its ambassadors.  The Sam Altmans (CEO of OpenAI) and Dario Amodeis (CEO of Anthropic) of the world see a not-too-distant future in which their products transform our economy and fundamentally reshaped the way most firms do business.", 'From Toys R Us’ experimentation with video to Meta’s new ad capabilities, here’s how the tech is being used across the industry.', 'Tesla, Inc. faces significant long-term challenges in its EV business from a lack of innovation, and an unfavorable macroeconomic environment. Read why I rate TSLA a Strong Sell.', 'While two AI leaders with undeniable competitive moats are historically cheap, another Wall Street darling is staring down a growing number of headwinds.', 'The so-called "Magnificent Seven" stocks have helped power the market higher for the past few years.  Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) has been a growth machine, pure and simple.  Nvidia\'s graphic processing units (GPUs) provide the processing power needed to help train AI models and run inference.', 'Trump’s Liberation Day Is Here. What Stock Markets Need From the Tariffs Announcement and 5 Other Things to Know Today.', 'The Best Tariff Trade:\n\t\t\n\t\t\t\n\t\t\n\tGo Back to the Basics', 'The Fund returned -0.56%, reflecting performance at the net asset value of Class I shares with all distributions reinvested for the quarter ended December 31, 2024.', 'Alphabet is undervalued with a forward P/E of 17.39x. Technicals & YouTube growth signal upside. Click here to find out why GOOD stock is a Strong Buy.', 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says I’m With Trump & Discusses These 12 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer commented that President […]', "WestPark Capital analyst Curtis Shauger initiated coverage on Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) on Tuesday with a Buy rating and a price target of $210. Alphabet reported fourth-quarter net sales of $96.47 billion, up 11.8%, but this fell short of the consensus estimate of $96.56–$96.69 billion. GAAP EPS reached $2.15, topping the consensus of $2.12–$2.13. Also Read: Google's New AI Travel Features Could Drive Major Growth In Search Volume: Analyst Cloud revenue of $11.96 billion grew 30% but underperforme", 'The short-term and intermediate-term outlooks for the Mag 7 stocks are negative, Matt Tuttle, the CEO of Tuttle Capital Management, told Schwab Network recently. The Mag 7 consists of Nvidia (NVDA), Tesla (TSLA), Meta (META), Apple (AAPL), Amazon (AMZN), Alphabet (GOOG,GOOGL), and Microsoft (MSFT). Technical and Macro Challenges Of the Mag 7, only Meta is […]', 'The videogame company says the partnership will help advertisers reach ‘tens of millions’ of younger users.', 'Available programmatically, full-screen 30-second ads reward users with in-game benefits and have an average completion rate of over 80%.', 'Alphabet (GOOGL) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.', 'Alphabet (GOOG) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.', 'Julie Hyman and Madison Mills go over some of the trending tickers on Tuesday. Shake Shack (SHAK) was upgraded to Buy from Hold by Loop Capital Markets, citing a stock pullback and potential upside from earnings. Meanwhile, Roblox (RBLX) is introducing a new video ad format as well as a partnership with Google (GOOG, GOOGL). Goldman Sachs (GS) receives criticism for issuing its CEO a $160 million bonus. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth\xa0here.', 'Meta’s Head of AI Research to Leave as Chatbot Hits New Markets', 'AI Demand Is Soaring Again. There’s Just 1 Problem—Tariffs.', 'Is it time to buy the Magnificent Seven after a rough quarter?', 'Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Apple, Alphabet, Tesla and Nvidia are part of the Zacks Investment Ideas article.', 'CrowdStrike (CRWD) will benefit from the increased need for cybersecurity in the AI era, while Alphabet (GOOG,GOOGL) is getting a lift from its success in AI and its strong ad business, Adam Coons, co-Chief Investment Officer at Winthrop Capital told Schwab Network recently. Coons is bullish on both names. On the macro side, Coons believes […]', "Roblox on Tuesday launched a new format of video advertising on its gaming platform and announced a partnership with Google to help boost the growth of its nascent ad business.  Gamers can choose to watch video advertisement, up to 30 seconds long, in exchange for boosts, lifelines or resources in a particular game through rewarded videos.  In the coming weeks, brands and agencies will be able to purchase this new form of marketing either directly or through Google's ad platform, making Roblox's offerings more widely available to a larger set of advertisers.", 'The sell-off in Microsoft looks overdone, one Wall Street analyst contends.', 'Apple and Google’s mobile stores have been hosting several popular “private browsing” apps operated by a company connected to a Chinese cyber...', 'Investing.com -- 2025 could emerge as a potential turning point for consumer-facing AI applications, marking a shift from the infrastructure-led boom to widespread integration of AI at the application layer, according to Piper Sandler analysts.', "Recent developments in Cloud AI highlight the evolving role of Kubernetes in enhancing cloud, edge, and bare metal deployments, with a focus on security and operational efficiency. Sidero Labs has been recognized as a Fast Mover and Challenger in the 2025 GigaOm Radar Reports for its capabilities in managed Kubernetes and edge computing solutions. The company's Omni platform simplifies enterprise Kubernetes management through centralized control, security features, and support for...", 'Magnificent Seven Stocks: Amazon, Google, Tesla Rally; Nvidia Reverses Higher', 'Google could be the next Kodak—and that’s bad for  Alphabet  stock, an analyst says.  Disruption is always a fear of technology investors, for good reason.  Now, chatbots using artificial intelligence are beginning to shake up internet search, a field dominated by Google.', "Alphabet's diverse, high-margin growth engines like AI, Cloud & YouTube drive strong revenue growth. Click here to read my most recent analysis of GOOGL.", "See why Alphabet Inc. is a strong buy in 2025 with Google's thriving core businesses, promising growth areas, and an attractive valuation. Click for my GOOG update.", 'Harvest Portfolio Management chief investment officer and Wall Street Beats partner Paul Meeks is on a self-described tech stock buying strike. Meeks joins Wealth with Julie Hyman to explain why, discuss macro conditions, examine the tech landscape, and more.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here.', '(Bloomberg) -- In a quarter marred by tariff uncertainty, US government spending cuts and the threat of recession, it is fears about a bubble brewing in artificial intelligence that have dealt the latest blow to the Nasdaq 100.Most Read from BloombergWhat Frank Lloyd Wright Learned From the DesertGold-Rush Fever Returns to Historic New Zealand Mining TownBank Regulators Fight for Desks as OCC Returns to New York TowerLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Government', 'US tech companies will be most adversely impacted by deglobalization, leading to declining returns and lower valuations. Read more to see my thoughts', "On one hand, Nvidia dominates the AI market and has established an impressive track record of revenue growth.  In this case, let's look at something billionaire investor Ole Andreas Halvorsen did in the fourth quarter of last year.  As disclosed on his 13F form -- a required filing for mangers of more than $100 million in securities -- Halvorsen significantly cut his position in Nvidia and loaded up on a big Nvidia AI customer.", "Apple's financial strength, brand loyalty, and innovation-led growth make it a resilient, defensive tech stock amid high-interest rates. See more on AAPL stock.", "Here's what could happen next to Alphabet shares,", 'YouTube (GOOGL) surpassed both Disney (DIS) and Netflix (NFLX) in share of total TV viewership time last month — and it could overtake Disney in revenue as well this year, according to a Wall Street analyst.', 'On March 27, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google introduced several new features across Search, Maps, and Gemini to enhance vacation planning, BofA Securities noted Monday. In Search, users can generate detailed travel itineraries with AI Overviews, which can be saved as custom lists in Google Maps. Google has also expanded hotel price tracking globally, letting users know when rates change. Also Read: Anthropic Gains Big With Google Backing, Aims for $60 Billion Valuation and Surgi', 'We recently published a list of 10 Debt Free Halal Stocks to Invest in Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other debt free halal stocks to invest in right now. Debt-Free Halal Stocks to Invest in Amid High Interest Rates The current […]', "Alphabet Inc.'s search dominance faces challenges from AI competition and ad struggles. Click for why GOOGLâ\x80\x99s rhetoric about being an AI company is unrealistic", 'The Magnificent Seven stocks have led the market lower this year - are they finally cheap enough to start buying?', 'Disruption is always a fear of technology investors, for good reason.  Now, chatbots using artificial intelligence are beginning to shake up internet search, a field dominated by Google.  “Alphabet [is] down 25% from recent highs [and is] still ‘cheap’ for a reason,” wrote Reitzes in a Monday report.', "Meta and Google's upcoming spring conferences may offer critical AI updates amid industry-wide investor caution", 'AMD CEO Lisa Su pushes back on the AI slowdown narrative.', 'Impax Large Cap Fundâ\x80\x99s equities posted marginally positive returns during a fourth quarter that was dominated by the US presidential elections and its ramifications.', 'By Karen Roman Yanolja Co., Ltd. said FY2024 total transaction value increased 186% to 27 trillion Won (USD 18.3 billion) compared to the year prior. Operating revenue rose 22% to reach 924.5 billion Won (USD 625.6 million), with enterprise solutions revenue growing 62% to 292.6 billion Won (USD 198 million), it stated. Adjusted EBITDA was […]', 'The market will eventually start rallying again, Joe Tigay, the Principal of Equity Armor Investments recently told The Schwab Network. Tigay suggested two bullish option trades involving Amazon (AMZN) and Alphabet (GOOG,GOOGL). Tigay Is a Big Fan of AMZN “I love Amazon for the short term and the long term,” Tigay enthusiastically said. AMZN is […]', 'We recently published a list of 10 Best Very Cheap Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other best very cheap stocks to buy according to billionaires. Coming off 2 years of healthy broader market performance (~26% total return in […]', "The majority of Alphabet's sales comes from search, and ChatGPT's product continues to get better.", "Although GameStop is back in the news, advisor Barry Ritholtz isn't taking the bait.", 'Google Ventures and Alphabet, an existing investor, also participated in the round.  Top tech companies are racing to position AI-powered offerings as central to their products and services.  Startups catering to the surge in demand for generative AI and machine learning have been a bright spot in the private funding market.', 'Investors looking for ways to find stocks that are set to beat quarterly earnings estimates should check out the Zacks Earnings ESP.', 'Noting that Alphabet (GOOG) has a relatively low forward price-earnings ratio of 19 times while the shares’ Relative Strength Index (RSI) has fallen below 40, Schwab Senior Options Contributor Tom White recently suggested that investors sell put options on GOOG stock. White also believes that the market’s increased volatility is another factor that makes selling […]', 'The subsidiary of Google parent Alphabet plans to use its first round of external funding to boost its artificial-intelligence drug design pipeline across multiple therapeutic areas.', '', 'Is Google at risk of becoming irrelevant? Alphabet’s stock drop draws comparison to Kodak.', 'The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Monday.', 'The Hartford Large Cap Growth ETF outperformed the Russell 1000 Growth Index during the quarter. Read more here.', "Big Tech is set to spend hundreds of billions of dollars in capital expenditures and investments this year, much of which will be directed toward building giant data centers around the US to power artificial intelligence. But Trump's tariffs would push those costs higher, analysts told Yahoo Finance.", "See how Nvidia Corporation's AI revolution drives 1,773% revenue growth. Learn about its market dominance, risks, & why it's a top pick. Click for more on NVDA.", 'Cathie Wood, who runs the Ark Invest collection of exchange-traded funds (ETFs), thinks the stock can rise nearly 10x from its current levels.  Waymo and Lyft getting to the market ahead of Tesla also points to the company being behind on the autonomous driving front.', 'For Q4 2024, the John Hancock U.S. Growth Fund underperformed the benchmark Russell 1000 Growth Index. Click here to read the full commentary. ', "China's HuaweiTechnologies said on Monday its profit fell by almost aquarter in 2024 versus a year prior when income from the sale ofits Honor handset unit provided an earnings boost, while...", 'Uber has a strong business model with growing revenue, adaptability, and future potential. Click here to see why UBER stock is a Buy.', "Apple's recent moves in AI infrastructure could bode well for Nvidia.", 'Apple faces declining iPhone sales, AI underperformance, and antitrust threats. Read why revenue risks and valuation concerns make AAPL stock a Strong Sell.', 'We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Dominating the News This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other AI stocks dominating the news this week. Elon Musk and OpenAI have jointly proposed to fast-track their trial over OpenAI’s transition to a […]', '', 'Wall Street strategists are revising their S&P forecasts, yet the outlook for the "Magnificent Seven" remains largely overlooked. T. Rowe Price science and technology equity strategy portfolio manager Tony Wang joins Morning Brief to discuss the future of the tech trade and the impact of artificial intelligence (AI)–driven investments on stock performance. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief\xa0here.', 'Billionaire hedge fund manager Bill Ackman owns just one AI stock, and it\'s a member of the "Magnificent Seven."', 'We recently published a list of 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next 3 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other best stocks to buy for the next 3 months. The year 2025 began with the surprise announcement of DeepSeek AI, launched […]', "Like many tech stocks, Alphabet's (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG) stock pulled back in recent months.  Investors still question its position in the artificial intelligence (AI) landscape, which isn't helping the company's stock.  Let's look at Alphabet's latest AI model to see if it can be a catalyst for the stock moving forward.", 'This company could prove essential to the proliferation of self-driving cars on our streets.', 'US equities had another positive quarter, with the S&P 500 Index returning 2.41% and our primary benchmark, the Russell 1000 Growth Index, returning 7.07%.', 'Quantum computing stocks are taking a hit as the Nasdaq Composite continues to slide.', "Meta Platforms (NASDAQ: META) is one of the world's largest digital advertising platforms through its social media and messaging apps, including Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp.  The company has leaned into artificial intelligence (AI) through its Llama AI model, which is helping to increase user engagement and help advertisers create better campaigns.  The company is looking to eventually turn Llama into a leading AI assistant with agentic AI capabilities.", 'Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) hit a record high of $480 per share in December after Donald Trump won the presidential election.  The market assumed the relationship between CEO Elon Musk and President Donald Trump would benefit the company in some way, but that benefit has yet to materialize.  Instead, Tesla stock tumbled more than 50% from its record high in early March, something that has happened only three times before.', "Bearish sentiment is high, but I'm focusing on low-volatility value stocks with dividends. Read more to see my 3 dividend stock picks.", 'Gannett is in the middle of turning the business into digital, which could eventually lead to multiple expansion. Read why GCI stock is a Strong Buy.', 'We recently published a list of Billionaire Ken Fisher’s Top 13 Growth Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other billionaire Ken Fisher’s top growth stock picks. “Who am I to tell you anything, much less anything that counts? Or that there are […]', 'We recently published a list of Top 10 Growth Stocks in David Tepper’s Portfolio. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other top growth stocks in David Tepper’s Portfolio. Buy “everything” related to China has been David Tepper’s investment theme despite the uncertainties about the […]', 'March 29 - * GOOGLE CLOUD: INCIDENT IMPACTING MULTIPLE GOOGLE CLOUDSERVICESIN ZONE US-EAST5-C HAS BEEN RESOLVED- STATUS PAGESource text: https://tinyurl.com/22lvw2ta ...', 'While known for its Google search engine, Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG) has a strong collection of businesses.  Google is still its prized possession and for good reason.  While there are a number of AI-powered competitors looking to make inroads, none have the scale of users or network of advertisers that Google has.', "Discover why GOOG's recent selloff offers a rare buying opportunity. Explore its growth potential, AI advancements, & long-term drivers.", 'Artificial intelligence (AI) are two words many people have heard countless times over the past few years.  It seems most companies -- especially technology companies -- are rushing to introduce AI to its products and services, but not all companies will execute or benefit from the progression of AI similarly.  A $1,500 investment in each can expose you to two leaders leveraging AI in different but game-changing ways.', 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Says Trump’s Tariff Strategy Is Working & Discusses These 11 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discussed. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer discussed […]', 'The stock market is full of expensive and cheap stocks, but the hard part is determining which are still worth buying at their current price tag.  Three stocks that look cheap but are fantastic companies are Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE: TSM), Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), and Adobe (NASDAQ: ADBE).  Forward earnings multiples use analyst projections to value the company, which inherently has errors.', '', 'Rigetti Computing Has Room to Grow. Why the CEO Is Tempering Expectations for Quantum.', "Is the trillion-dollar Alphabet stock still a market-beating investment? Here's why this tech giant is just getting started.", "Alphabet's recent AI progress and Waymo expansion signal growth potential. Learn why GOOG stock is trading cheap and could be primed for recovery.", 'This trend has benefited Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) tremendously.  Should you pass on Nvidia and buy two different AI stocks instead?  Investors should consider buying shares in Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG) and Meta Platforms (NASDAQ: META), which are well off recently established all-time highs.', "See how a dividend growth portfolio outpaced the S&P 500, top dividend stocks to buy, gold insights, SCHD's changes, and auto stocks to watch! Click for the picks.", "Amazon's growth driven by 3rd party sales, ads, and cloud. AMZN stock trades at fair value now, with potential 95% upside on realistic growth. See more here.", 'We recently published a list of 10 Mega Cap Stocks Gaining Bullish Momentum This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other mega cap stocks gaining bullish momentum this week. The S&P 500 index started the week with a bang after staying under pressure […]', 'Shares of digital advertising giants Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Meta Platforms (NASDAQ: META), and Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX) were plunging on Friday, falling 4.6%, 3.5%, and 4.5%, respectively, as of 1:30 p.m. ET.  At first, the downturn may seem extreme.', 'xAI Buys X in Blockbuster Deal. Elon Musk Found a Way to Win the Twitter Deal.', 'Alphabet stock slips after settling decade-old class-action suit over alleged ad overcharging and Smart Pricing tactics', 'ADBE shares are benefiting from strong demand for its creative products and expanding clientele amid increasing competition and stretched valuation.', "Wealth host Brad Smith looks at the top stories on this segment of Market Minute. Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) stock is falling has agreed to pay $100 million to settle a lawsuit with advertisers. Wolfspeed (WOLF) stock collapses to a 27-year low. President Trump has pardoned Nikola (NKLAQ) founder, Trevor Milton, who was sentenced to four years in prison for defrauding investors. Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute.", "Discover Thornburg Income Builder Opportunities Trust with a 7.05% yield, European focus, and discount to NAV. Click to see if TBLD's diversification is for you.", 'Lou Basenese, Basenese Group founder and chief strategist, joins Madison Mills on Catalysts to take a look at some of the day\'s trending tickers and break down the "Magnificent Seven" trade. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.', "Alphabet's (GOOG, GOOGL) Google has agreed to pay $100 million in cash to settle a US class action l", "Google has agreed to pay $100 million in cash to settle a long-running lawsuit claiming it overcharged advertisers by failing to provide promised discounts and charged for clicks on ads outside the geographic areas the advertisers targeted.  A preliminary settlement of the 14-year-old class action, which began in March 2011, was filed late Thursday in the San Jose, California, federal court, and requires a judge's approval.  Advertisers who participated in Google's AdWords program, now known as Google Ads, accused the search engine operator of breaching its contract by manipulating its Smart Pricing formula to artificially reduce discounts.", 'We recently published a list of the 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other AI stocks that are making headlines this week. China is aggressively working to close the AI competitiveness gap with the United States. According […]', "Fermyon Technologies and Akamai have announced a partnership to introduce edge-native serverless and AI applications by combining Fermyon's WebAssembly (Wasm) Functions engine with Akamai's extensive globally distributed cloud and content delivery network. This collaboration aims to significantly enhance application performance by enabling faster, more efficient, and developer-friendly environments for latency-sensitive and AI inferencing applications. By integrating WebAssembly...", '(Bloomberg) -- The gloomy sentiment around Reddit Inc. has failed to dissipate after its shares fell 50% from a February high, with volatile technology stocks under pressure. Most Read from BloombergWhy Did the Government Declare War on My Adorable Tiny Truck?Gold-Rush Fever Returns to Historic New Zealand Mining TownHow SUVs Are Making Traffic WorseTrump Slashed International Aid. Geneva Is Feeling the Impact.These US Bridges Face High Risk of Catastrophic Ship StrikesThe social media platform', 'This company continues to grow at a respectable pace.', 'The trillion-dollar club could be joined by an emerging cloud infrastructure player in the coming years.', 'This dividend growth stock is hiding in plain sight and has plenty of room to grow its dividend per share over the long run.', 'Teslaâ\x80\x99s brand damage and technological losses threaten its future. See why TSLA stock is under pressure, facing competition from Waymo, Nvidia, and BYD.', 'Cybersecurity Stocks To Watch As Earnings Kick In: CHKP, Fortinet, Cloudflare', 'IONOS Group SE (WBO:IOS) reports a robust 14.7% revenue increase in Q4 2024, driven by customer growth and enhanced ARPU, despite challenges in the AdTech segment.', 'Q4 2024 Netlist Inc Earnings Call', 'Investors are increasingly searching for AI’s payoff. The recent tech correction offers opportunities to grab stocks like Reddit, Intuit, and more at lower valuations.', 'India is one of the fewnations working to lower tariffs and win over U.S. PresidentDonald Trump, who has called the South Asian nation a tariffking and tariff abuser and has vowed to reciprocate. ...', 'AI-driven growth and mid-range server adoption signal a Moderate Buy for Super Micro stock with $50â\x80\x93$60 target. Read more on SMCI here.', 'We recently published a list of the Top 10 Blue Chip AI Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Cliff Asness. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other top blue chip AI stocks to buy according to billionaire Cliff Asness. Cliff Asness is one of […]', 'In the closing of the recent trading day, Alphabet (GOOGL) stood at $162.18, denoting a -1.74% change from the preceding trading day.', 'In the closing of the recent trading day, Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) stood at $164.04, denoting a -1.85% change from the preceding trading day.', "AQR Capital Management's portfolio grew to $77.63B with top stakes in Apple, Nvidia, Microsoft, Amazon and Alphabet. Read here for a portfolio update.", 'Alphabet (GOOGL) shares have been virtually flat since announcing the $32 billion acquisition of New York City-based cybersecurity startup Wiz last Tuesday.', 'From Trump Critic to Nominee. A Former Google Exec Highlights Tech’s Transformation.', 'Its better to stay away from NBIS stock for now as it faces operational and financial struggles despite distancing from Russia.', 'We recently published a list of the 10 AI Stocks Catching Wall Street’s Attention. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stands against other AI stocks that are catching Wall Street’s attention. Beijing is reportedly boosting domestic AI firms that have received overseas recognition. In its latest, […]', 'Lockheed Martin to Implement Google AI for National-Security, Other Applications', 'IonQ shares have dropped 53% from January highs. Is this quantum computing pioneer now a bargain or still too speculative?', 'TD Cowen analysts led by Michael Elias tell investors that the firm’s channel checks at Nvidia’s (NVDA) GTC event and DCD Connect indicate aggregate data center demand has increased year-over-year, despite more pervasive lease cancellations and deferrals by Microsoft (MSFT) than initially thought. The pullback from Microsoft has created an opportunity for both Google (GOOGL) and Meta (META) to backfill capacity, the firm says. Hyperscale redesigns for higher densities are driving slower DC equip', 'The company is working with the startup Firmly.ai to help make it easy for any brand, big or small, to start selling goods directly through its service.', 'Discover strategies for navigating SP500 volatility, hedging risks, and diversifying with EU value stocks amid macroeconomic uncertainty.', 'The projects build on Google’s target to restore the volume of freshwater consumed across its offices and data centers, on average, by 120% by 2030.', "Google is rolling out a slew of new features — some powered by AI — across Search, Maps, and Gemini that are designed to help people plan their summer vacations. The new features arrive as users have been turning to tools like OpenAI's ChatGPT for help with planning trips. Google Search's AI Overviews, which display a snapshot of information at the top of the results page, can now help users get trip ideas for certain regions or countries. Starting this week, users can search for something like", 'Institutional Class shares of Columbia Seligman Global Technology Fund returned 7.45% for the fourth quarter of 2024. Click here to read the full commentary. ', 'For Q4 2024,  Columbia Select Large Cap Growth Fund Institutional Class shares returned 4.16%. Click here to read the full commentary. ', '', 'Google just made its biggest acquisition of all time.', "While many strategists have been lowering their S&P 500 year-end targets, they don't think a sell-off in large-cap tech stocks is likely to continue.", "While the broader stock market has bounced back somewhat following its recent sell-off, many tech stocks are still well off their highs and trading at cheap valuations.  Trading down almost 23% from its highs, Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) is an attractively valued growth stock.  The company has been able to more than double its revenue each of the past two years, while analysts expect the company's revenue to increase by more than 50% this year.", "Google Spinoff Targets Musk Starlink Service But Is Amazon's Kuiper Only Real Threat?", 'Stock market downturns are traditionally the ideal time to go shopping for bargains.', '4 Internet Stocks for a Market Recovery', 'Billionaire Bill Ackman is the CEO of Pershing Square Capital Management, a hedge fund that returned 210% in the past five years.  Instead, the stock Pershing Square has been buying is Uber Technologies (NYSE: UBER).  Uber operates the largest ride-sharing service and second-largest restaurant food delivery service in the U.S. as measured by revenue, according to Bloomberg.', 'The Stock Market Finally Got Some Tariffs Clarity. Why It’s a Car Crash, and 5 Other Things to Know Today.', 'Nvidia Stock Drops. Why the Chip Maker Can’t Find Its Footing.', 'Nvidia is poised for growth despite a 21.8% stock drop. Strong AI spending, Blackwell chip efficiency, and leadership ensure compelling upside. See more on NVDA here.', 'In the opening 90 minutes of the evening session, U.S. stock futures are up marginally – S&P500 is up 0.1% while Nasdaq 100 is up 0.2%. Earlier on Tuesday, Consumer Discretionary and Communications Services were the best performing sectors in the S&P500 – Google (GOOGL), Meta (META), and Netflix (NFLX) had over 1% gains among the mega-caps – while defensively-oriented Healthcare and Utilities underperformed. Investors have also shrugged the disappointing Consumer Confidence data with sentiment t', 'Google offers a compelling investment at $170. Despite AI search risks, GOOG Cloud, YouTube, and Waymo present significant growth opportunities. See more on GOOG.', '', 'According to Nielsen’s February 2025 Media Distributor Gauge: “YouTube (GOOG) took the lead in Nielsen’s February 2025 Media Distributor Gauge, gaining 2% over January to capture 11.6% of time spent watching TV across the month. This marks YouTube’s best share of TV to date, and is the second time the pure-play streamer has topped the Media Distributor Gauge since Nielsen began tracking in November 2023. YouTube has exhibited steady usage increases for some time. A longer-term look at the platfo', 'How can you handle stock market corrections? Use 4 proven guidelines to stay protected and get ready to profit in the next uptrend.', 'Investing.com -- There are more jitters in the AI sector Wednesday after analysts at TD Cowen highlighted that their channel checks show Microsoft is canceling data center leases in the U.S. and Europe, following up on his earlier finding.', 'Nvidia is positioning physical AI as its next big growth opportunity.', 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Latest Thoughts on the Magnificent Seven. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands against other magnificent stocks in Jim Cramer’s list. On Monday, Jim Cramer, host of Mad Money, took a closer look at the current status of […]'], None, '9')
('AMZN', None, ['', '', '', 'CII has undergone a name change and policy update and received a significant distribution boost since our last update. Read why CII CEF is a Buy.', 'Stocks plunged on Thursday in response to President Donald Trump\'s "reciprocal tariffs."  While the president had telegraphed his desire for punitive tariffs to try to balance the trade deficit the U.S. has with much of the world, investors were taken aback by their size.  China has long served as a scapegoat for Trump so perhaps it\'s not a surprise that goods imported from China will now face a 54% tariff, which includes a 20% rate the president imposed earlier.', "The recent market sell-off has opened the door for some good buying opportunities in growth stocks.  Down just over 20% from its highs, Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) is trading at one of its lowest valuations in its history with a trailing price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) of around 34.  The company's cloud computing business, Amazon Web Services (AWS), has been its biggest growth driver, as the company helps customers create and deploy their own artificial intelligence (AI) models and apps on its platform through the help of its Bedrock and SageMaker services.", "Warren Buffett has built a fortune for Berkshire Hathaway shareholders.  Buffett's success at buying stocks of great businesses and holding them for the long term has inspired many investors to follow his style.  Berkshire held a stock portfolio worth $271 billion at the end of 2024.", "Amazon.com (NasdaqGS:AMZN) recently captured headlines with a controversial bid to acquire TikTok amid heightened scrutiny from U.S. regulators, reflecting its push for strategic growth. Meanwhile, significant market turmoil marked by a 9% weekly plunge in the Nasdaq was influenced by a global trade war spurred by newly announced tariffs by the U.S. administration. The simultaneous bid and market instability provided a backdrop for Amazon's share price drop of 11% this past week, as investors...", '“Now Streaming” is The Fly’s weekly recap of the stories surrounding the biggest content streamers. PLAYING THIS WEEKEND: Among this weekend’s now streaming content is Hulu’s comedy drama miniseries “Dying for Sex,” starring Michelle Williams and Jenny Slate. Meanwhile, Netflix (NFLX) subscribers can watch medical drama “The Pulse” as well as animated series “Devil May Cry,” which is based on the Capcom (CCOEY) series of video games. Additionally, Amazon Prime Video (AMZN) users can watch action', 'We recently published a list of Mag7 and Beyond: Top 10 AI News Updates and Ratings. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other top AI news updates and ratings. According to a study presented at a European Central Bank conference, companies that manage to […]', 'Foreign stocks and bond funds are winning the race so far in 2025.. Plus: A Financial Flashback to 25 years ago, the AT&T Wireless IPO.', "The AI leader's market dominance may be coming to an end.", "It's time to expect a little less from enormous Amazon. Here's a closer look at three new leading growth prospects for your portfolio.", '(Bloomberg) -- Hon Hai Precision Industry Co.’s first-quarter sales rose at their fastest clip since 2022 on resilient data center demand, a bright sign for the artificial intelligence sector amid tariff-induced fears.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Hochul Says Trump’s Tariffs Are Alre', 'Nvidia (NVDA) fell with other Magnificent 7 stocks on Thursday as the market reacted to new tariffs — but the company also may’ve slipped because a major bank downgraded it for unrelated reasons.', 'Paul Tudor Jones is betting on these two turnaround stocks over Nvidia.', 'To make more money, United Launch Alliance must launch more rockets. And now it can.', "Don't try to fix something that isn't broken. This stock has plenty more to offer long-term investors.", 'The share price of Arm Holdings (NASDAQ: ARM) rocketed higher in the first month of 2025, but the British technology company saw a significant pullback since hitting a 2025 high on Jan. 22.  Arm stock has traded down 44% since then as investors pressed the panic button over multiple headwinds.  Does the sharp pullback that Arm saw in the past couple of months present a buying opportunity for long-term investors?', "When in doubt about your next best bet, consider poaching an idea (or three) from the world's most proven stock picker.", 'Recent volatility hasn\'t altered the compelling long-term growth opportunities ahead of these "Magnificent" stocks.', 'The idea of an import tax started weighing on investor sentiment in March, when President Trump laid out his initial plan to target Canada, Mexico, and China.  Stocks tumbled, with the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) and Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC) both temporarily slipping into correction territory.  The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite each fell the most since 2020 in the trading session following the news, as investors worried about the impact of the tariffs on U.S. corporate earnings and the economy.', 'The resilient retailer might be priced for perfection right now.', '', 'We recently published a list of Top 10 Stocks to Buy According to Think Investments. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other top stocks to buy according to Think Investments. Think Investments is an investment firm based in San Francisco, with additional offices in Singapore […]', 'Higher prices may be in store for a range of materials used to build the data centers that will deliver AI.', 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer’s Thoughts on Liberation Day, Tariffs, and 17 Stocks to Watch Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. On Tuesday, April 1st, the host of Mad Money opened the show […]', 'President Donald Trump\'s "Liberation Day" tariff program set off a string of worries and sent the markets tumbling on Thursday and Friday.  New fears about how the tariffs could trigger a recession sent investors running toward safer instruments like U.S. Treasury bills.  Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) stock is one of those stocks and it dropped 12.8% since the tariffs were announced, and it\'s lost all its gains from the past year.', 'Several powerful income machines are crashingâ\x80¦ but could thrive under Trumpâ\x80\x99s new tariff regime. We share 2 stocks that we think are likely to profit immensely from this trade war.', "Amazon's stock dropped 6% in after-hours trading, adding to YTD losses of over 15%, creating a margin of safety for investors. Click to read why AMZN is a Hold.", 'All "Magnificent Seven" names — Nvidia (NVDA), Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Tesla (TSLA), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), Meta (META), and Apple (AAPL) — are in the red under Trump\'s second administration. Yahoo Finance podcast Stocks in Translation host Jared Blikre takes a closer look at the group\'s moves. Catch more Stocks in Translation here, with new episodes every Tuesday and Thursday. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.', 'Tariffs impact markets, S&P 500 outlook, and why current valuations present a prime opportunity to invest in the U.S. Click to read why SP500 is a Strong Buy.', "The stock market has taken a steep downturn after President Donald Trump's tariff announcements.  As of this writing, the S&P 500 is firmly in correction territory, and the Nasdaq Composite is just a couple percentage points away from officially being in a bear market.  In general, the megacap tech stocks have not performed well in 2025, and Amazon\xa0(NASDAQ: AMZN) is no exception.", '↘️ Glencore (UK:GLEN): Fears of a global recession hit mining companies. Shares of Glencore, one of the world\'s biggest copper suppliers, fell more than 10% in London. ↘️ Apple (APPL); Meta Platforms (META): The two "Magnificent 7" stocks that saw the steepest falls Thursday both dropped at least 3% Friday.', 'Wall Street is wasting no time adjusting their views on certain stocks in the wake of bruising Trump tariffs.', "Not great. Here's their combined loss of market value Thursday, according to Dow Jones Market Data—a record one-day wipeout: $1.03 trillion lost market value Given their size, those moves translated into huge market-value drops: Apple alone lost $311 billion.", "Apple might be having a tough time rolling out its new AI systems, but don't count it out as an investment just yet.", 'BofA notes that President Trump’s newly announced tariffs were larger than anticipated and are “a direct negative” for discretionary retail sales and advertising. In addition, the potential for increasing recession fears fueled by the tariffs are “a relative negative for the entire Internet sector,” which the analyst notes underperformed in 2008 and 2022 as fears of a recession grew. The “only potential silver lining” is that proposed rates could be viewed as a negotiation tool that may not be f', 'Learn how to navigate market volatility as sector rotation shifts focus to defensive assets. Click here for more information on Market Outlook.', "There's a lot of uncertainty in the stock market right now, and it's causing many investors to reconsider some of their stocks and look at which ones might offer good opportunities to buy.  With U.S. President Donald Trump's ongoing tariff actions against trade partners and some economists increasing their estimates of a potential recession, it's no surprise that investors are taking a more skeptical approach to each stock they buy.  When considering two leading consumer goods companies, Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Home Depot (NYSE: HD), which looks like the best stock to buy right now?", 'Magnificent Seven Stocks: Amazon, Google, Tesla Rally; Nvidia Reverses Higher', 'The hunt for cheap stocks begins.', 'Tariff Impact Lose Billions in Tech Sector Market Value', 'New AI technology platform transforms storytelling capabilities for WHOOP UCI Mountain Bike World Series coverage, enhancing the viewer experience through data-driven insights ...', "Trump's draconian tariffs, markets fall. Tesla stock price, Musk murmurs.", 'Harding Loevner, an asset management company, released its “Global Developed Markets Equity Strategy” fourth-quarter 2024 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. International stock markets concluded the last quarter of 2024 on a negative note, although US stocks significantly surpassed the rest of the world, during the year and the quarter. […]', '', 'Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. challenges Nvidia with AI chip progress, offering better cost-performance metrics and strong growth potential. Read more about AMD stock here.', 'Change is good. But companies undergoing "positive dynamic change" is even better. That\'s the stock picking motto of Alger Focus Equity (ALAFX), a 2025 IBD Best Mutual Funds award winner.', "Trump's tariffs hit Apple Inc. hard, with it down 9%. Click here to know how AAPL's supply chain dependencies make it vulnerable to tariffs.", 'Three companies that top my list as the best stocks to buy during a crash are Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (NYSE: TSM), MercadoLibre (NASDAQ: MELI), and CrowdStrike (NASDAQ: CRWD).  Each has a unique reason for being on the list, and all of the underlying companies are well-positioned to be OK in nearly any downturn.  Taiwan Semiconductor is a chip foundry, meaning it fabricates chips for those who cannot do so themselves.', 'YieldMax AMZN Option Income Strategy ETF offers high-yield income through options on Amazon.com stock. Click for more on why AMZY is rated a speculative Buy.', "President Trump promised big tariffs, and he didn't disappoint. Here's what sources are telling Yahoo Finance's newsroom about the tariff impact to certain sectors and asset classes.", "The stock market is off to a shaky start to 2025, with the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) index down nearly 12% from its recent all-time high.  Copilot is already integrated into Microsoft's legacy software products like Windows, the Edge internet browser, and the Bing search engine, and it's also available for the 365 productivity suite (which includes Word, PowerPoint, and Excel) for an extra monthly subscription fee.", 'Dow Jones Plunges 1,000 Points On U.S.-China Trade War Fears; Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Sell Off', 'For Q1 2025, Andvari is up 7.2% net of fees while the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) is down 4.3%. Click here to read the full letter. ', "David Tepper didn't amass a net worth of $21.3 billion by thinking conventionally.  If you look at the top holdings in Tepper's Appaloosa Management portfolio, you'll probably quickly see that the billionaire seems to like artificial intelligence (AI) stocks.  Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) has been an AI leader for years.", '(Bloomberg) -- There’s virtually nowhere to hide for many US technology companies under President Donald Trump’s new tariff regime, the harshest in a century.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?After Thursday’s slump wiped $1.4', 'INTRODUCTION We are pleased to present the latest edition of our IP Spotlight, sharing important updates, key developments, and practical insights, all tailored to help you stay updated in the...', 'Dow Jones Futures Dive As China Retaliation Vs. Trump Tariffs Raises Recession Fears', 'China has just announced retaliatory tariffs, and these stocks are getting hit hardest', 'Trump Says Stocks Will Boom After Tariffs, That Depends on His Dealmaking—and China. 4 Other Things to Know Today.', "Wall Street's gloom expected to persist, crude oil futures plunge.", "Amazon's 20% correction presents a rare entry point. Learn why AMZN stock is a buy below $200, with high-growth potential in AI, AWS, and Advertising.", 'Apple has come under pressure amid fears of tariff impacts, which are likely to be less significant than market expectations. See why AAPL stock is a Buy.', 'Amazon is starting to test a new AI shopping agent, a feature it calls "Buy for Me," with a subset users, the company announced in a blog post Thursday. If Amazon doesn\'t sell something that users are searching for, the Buy for Me feature will display products to users that other websites are selling. Then, users can select and request to purchase one of these products without ever leaving the Amazon Shopping app. Amazon is the latest company to unveil an AI shopping agent, joining firms such as', 'With regulators watching closely, the outcome of this high-stakes deal could have far-reaching consequences for the tech industry and its users.', '(Bloomberg) -- The world’s 500 richest people saw their combined wealth plunge by $208 billion Thursday as broad tariffs announced by President Donald Trump sent global markets into a tailspin. Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Li', '(Bloomberg) -- President Donald Trump said the US was close to unveiling a plan that would spare the Chinese-owned social media app TikTok from a US ban, with multiple investors involved in discussions for a deal.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation', 'U.S. stock indexes saw their biggest drop in value since March 2020, one day after President Trump announced a 10% across-the-board tariff for all foreign imports, and higher rates for other countries.', 'Tech stocks were pummeled Thursday following President Trump’s earlier tariff announcement, a sign of how vulnerable the sector is to a possible recession as well as to higher prices on everything from consumer goods to hardware.  The six tech companies with trillion-dollar market capitalizations (Apple, Nvidia, Microsoft, Amazon, Alphabet and Meta Platforms) lost a combined $985 billion in stock market value today.', 'We recently published a list of Top 10 Stocks to Watch as Investors Brace for Potential Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other top stocks to watch as investors brace for potential recession. President Donald Trump’s new reciprocal tariff announcement is hammering stock […]', '(Bloomberg) -- The retail traders who have stormed the markets in recent years were among the only investors buying on Thursday as US stocks had their worst day since June 2020.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Small investor', 'Is TikTok Getting Banned? What to Expect as the Deadline Approaches.', 'The tariff-fueled sell-off has erased $800 billion from Magnificent Seven stocks.', 'A notice to customers dazzled by the low-priced products on Chinese shopping apps: the days of getting trendy clothing, tools and gag gifts that cost less than lunch delivered to your door in 10 days...', "Amazon.com (NasdaqGS:AMZN) has been in the spotlight with its recent bid to acquire TikTok amid a shuffle in app ownership discussions propelled by national security concerns. Despite this significant move, the company's stock price dipped 2.55% over the past week. This decline coincides with broader market pressures from the imposition of new U.S. tariffs under President Trump's administration, which have affected several tech stocks that depend on international trade. Alongside Amazon,...", 'Shares of cloud computing and online retail behemoth Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) fell 8.9% in the morning session after President Trump announced "reciprocal tariffs" on all US imports, set at a minimum rate of 10%.', "The first 27 Kuiper satellites are heading to orbit, kicking off Amazon's high-stakes battle with Starlink.", 'After Amazon (AMZN) initiated a takeover bid for TikTok in the U.S., Citi recommended that investors buy AMZN on weakness, Schwab Network reported today. Citi believes that AMZN would benefit significantly from acquiring TikTok. Why Citi Thinks That TikTok US Would Help AMZN Noting that TikTok Shop had generated $9 billion of gross merchandise volume […]', 'The ‘Magnificent Seven’ saw a record $1 trillion wipeout — and Apple led the way', 'We recently published a list of Top 10 Stocks to Watch as AI Trade Dynamics Change. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other top stocks to watch as AI trade dynamics change. Aswath Damodaran from NYU Stern School of Business said in a recent […]', 'Amazon Stock Slides On Trump Tariff Plan. Temu Parent Stock Stung By End Of Trade Exemption.', 'Tesla Stock Tanks Amid Musk Rumors, Trump Tariffs, Dismal Delivery Data. What’s Next.', 'Nvidia’s CEO Has a Plan for Tariffs. Here’s What He Said 2 Weeks Ago.', 'Trump Tariffs Impact: The Hardest Hit And Who Is Holding Up On The S&P 500', "Some of the world's biggest companies are on track to lose billions of dollars of value Thursday, with Trump's aggressive tariffs ripping through the stock market. Here are the top five U.S. companies losing market value:   Apple: $290 billion   Nvidia: $183 billion   Amazon: $165 billion   Meta Platforms: $104 billion   Broadcom: $65 billion   ? Dig deeper with Heard on the Street's analysis.", 'Two surprise bidders, one global app, and just days to decide its future. The battle for TikTok is on.', 'A sharp break below a stock’s 10-week moving average, in conjunction with high volume, often acts as a sell signal. Consider Amazon’s recent rise and fall.', "Shares in UPS (NYSE: UPS) fell by 12.8% in the first quarter of 2025, according to data provided by  S&P Global Market Intelligence.  The decline comes down to a poorly received fourth-quarter earnings report and mounting evidence of a slowdown in its end markets that could pressure its first-quarter earnings.  The fourth-quarter numbers didn't surprise investors as much as UPS' announcement that it would reduce Amazon delivery volume by 50% by the second half of 2026.", "Dow's 1,319-point fall led by losses in Nike, American Express shares", '(Bloomberg) -- Roughly $1.7 trillion was erased from the S&P 500 Index at the start of trading on Thursday amid worries that President Donald Trump’s sweeping new round of tariffs could plunge the economy into a recession.Most Read from BloombergMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersChicago School District Agrees to Minimum 16% Teacher Pay RaiseThe d', 'As the fate of the social media app hangs in the balance, aspiring buyers are lining up.', "President Donald Trump's punishing tariffs rocked global financial markets on Thursday, with the dollar and U.S. stocks tumbling as investors rushed to safe havens on fears a broadening trade war...", 'GoodRx is trying to help pharmacies compete in a digital age, where they already face pressure on their margins.', "Nike, American Express share losses contribute to Dow's nearly 1200-point drop", "With a deadline for the TikTok ban days away, President Donald Trump was reportedly briefed on a framework to bring in new U.S. investors to keep the popular short-video app running.  Tech giant Amazon also has reportedly made a late push for the social media app.  The White House was close to approving a plan that would allow a group of investors to buy a stake in TikTok's U.S. operations, the Financial Times reported Wednesday, citing unnamed sources.", 'The global e-commerce market is projected to experience significant growth, forecasted to reach USD 73.52 trillion by 2030 from USD 25.4 trillion in 2024, marking a compound annual growth rate of 19.2%. This expansion is driven by increased internet accessibility, shifting consumer behaviors towards online platforms, and the adoption of omnichannel retailing which integrates online and offline shopping experiences. Despite the anticipated growth, challenges such as logistics and supply chain...', "The KA-01 mission marks the start of full-scale satellite deployment for Amazon's Project Kuiper.", 'News of the day for April 3, 2025', 'Consumer and tech brands top 20 worst-performing S&P 500 stocks Thursday as tariffs rattle markets', 'The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Thursday.', "Nike, Amazon.com Inc. share losses lead Dow's 1,531-point fall", "Amazon CloudWatch Application Signals now supports creating Service Level Objectives using metrics from your service dependencies.You can now monitor the performance of your services' dependencies,...", "Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) is the world's largest company -- by about half a trillion dollars as I write this.  In fact, considering the current state of Apple's business and the growth trajectories of some of its competitors, I think it's highly likely that Apple will lose its title of the world's largest company within the next few years.  There are four companies that could pass Apple in that time frame.", '', 'Dow Jones Plummets 1,200 Points On Trump Tariffs; Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Plunge', "Amazon criticised a book delivery fee imposed by France two years ago, telling Europe's top court on Thursday the measure was discriminatory, protectionist and a breach of European Union law.  France's efforts to protect its cultural heritage and traditions have frequently put it at odds with tech and online companies, notably one of the biggest Amazon.  Paris introduced the three euro ($3.31) fee in October 2023 to help local independent bookstores counter competition from Amazon, which had until then charged a euro cent on book deliveries in France.", "Nike, Apple share losses lead Dow's 1,181-point fall", 'At a February event,  Amazon  announced Alexa+, a more conversational, generative-AI version of its famous assistant.  During onstage demos, Alexa+ handled a complicated Uber order, answered questions about a user’s email and calendars—and even sifted through hours of Ring camera footage to find a cute dog.  The company said Alexa+ would begin rolling out in March.', 'Dow Jones Futures Dive On Huge Trump Tariffs; Tesla, Apple, Nvidia, Taiwan Semi, Palantir Sell Off', 'Trump Tariffs Smash Asia. How a Global Trade War Will Hurt U.S. Stock Markets and 5 Other Things to Know Today.', 'The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said on Thursday it has closed its probe into 258 Zoox vehicles over a braking issue, after the Amazon self-driving car unit recalled them and...', 'As concern over tariff paralysis and prospect of stickier inflation continued toÂ\xa0challenge investor confidence in historically expensive market in March, the S&P 500 dropped more than -5.6%', "Stocks sold off late Wednesday as President Trump's reciprocal tariffs proved to be harsher than many on Wall Street had expected.", "Generating $638 billion in revenue last year, Amazon is now one of the largest companies in the world in terms of sales, and close to the top in terms of market capitalization.  Let's dive into the numbers and figure out where Amazon stock may trade five years from now.  Since its founding around 30 years ago, Amazon has become the dominant player within e-commerce in the United States.", 'Retail stocks are taking a hit in after-hours trading, with Walmart (WMT) and Amazon (AMZN) seeing significant drops. Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi joins Asking for a Trend host Josh Lipton to explain how tariffs on imports from China and the European Union could hurt retailers like Walmart, Amazon, and Nike (NKE). To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Asking for a Trend\xa0here.', 'Retailers are already facing a cautious consumer.', 'Shares of big U.S. retailers sold off on Trump’s plan to add tariffs ranging from at least 10% to as much as 49% on imports depending on the country of origin. Walmart, Amazon, Best Buy and Target were lower following the initial announcement.', 'President Trump reportedly has a TikTok deal proposal that would prevent the social media platform from being banned in the US. Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley sits down with Josh Lipton and Investopedia editor in chief Caleb Silver to discuss the latest TikTok news. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.', 'The White House is reportedly close to approving a TikTok deal that would bring in new U.S.-based investors.', "Shares in some of the biggest U.S. technology and consumer firms fell late Wednesday following President Trump's announcement of significant tariffs, including 34% on China and 46% on Vietnam, nations that export large amounts of goods to America.", "Amazon and AppLovin reportedly submitted bids to acquire TikTok, ahead of a U.S. ban set to go into effect Saturday if no deal is reached with the app's Chinese parent company.", 'Tech stocks rose late Wednesday afternoon, with the Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLK) up 0.9%', 'With days left before the TikTok sale deadline, Amazon joins a crowded field of bidders amid national security scrutiny', 'Amazon has placed a bid on TikTok, as the April 5 deadline nears for a potential sale of the social media company. If a deal does not emerge, the popular app could face a nationwide ban.', 'TikTok Sale Deadline Ignites Surprise Bid by Amazon', 'President Trump is expected to be briefed Wednesday on a framework to keep the video-sharing app operational.', 'Two guests on Schwab Network had very different views of Amazon (AMZN) stock today. “Alarm bells” are ringing for AMZN, said Ron Westfall, Research Director of The Futurum Group. Amazon is “undervalued” because of the strength of its cloud business, AWS, countered Chris McMahon, CEO of Aquinas Wealth. McMahon has a $280 price target on […]', 'Amazon has put in a last-minute bid for TikTok’s US business as Donald Trump seeks to broker a deal to sell the app before a Saturday deadline.', 'The Amazon offer was made in a letter to vice president JD Vance and commerce secretary Howard Lutnick, an official said.', 'Amazon wants to buy TikTok as the deadline for the app to be sold quickly approaches, a person familiar with the matter confirmed to Barron’s.', 'Amazon (AMZN) is making an under-the-wire bid to acquire popular social media app TikTok, the New York Times reported on Wednesday, citing three people familiar with the matter.', 'Amazon.com (NasdaqGS:AMZN) experienced a price decline of 6.58% last week amid various developments. Key among these was the announcement of a multi-year strategic collaboration agreement between its cloud computing arm, AWS, and Dynatrace, aiming to enhance AWS environments and generative AI applications. While the partnership signals growth potential, broader market volatility likely impacted Amazon’s stock performance. The market overall saw a 3% decline, partly due to investor anxiety...', "Here are some of the stories moving markets on Wednesday, April 2. Amazon (AMZN) made a last-minute bid to try to acquire all of TikTok, according to a New York Times report. Shares of BlackBerry (BB) are falling after issuing disappointing first quarter and full-year revenue guidance. Petco (WOOF) stock is jumping after it was revealed its CEO bought about 1.6 million shares. Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute.", 'Amazon stock is gaining after a last-minute bid for the popular short-video app TikTok, according to a New York Times report.', 'After Amazon (AMZN) stock pulled back sharply in recent months, the shares “are starting to look appealing,” and they are providing investors with a good “buying opportunity”, Megan Brantley, VP of Research at LikeFolio recently told Schwab Network. Brantley specializes in consumer research. AMZN’s Spring Sale Was Positive for the Company, Brantley Says Amazon’s Spring […]', 'TikTok likely to get new Trump extension as shutdown deadline nears and Amazon joins fray', "Goldman Sachs, Amazon.com Inc. share gains contribute to Dow's 229-point climb", 'Forte Enterprise offers AQ36 performance and is designed for use in commercial environments such as life sciences and finance.', "CoreWeave's stock finds its footing after a muted IPO.", 'Could Amazon expand its empire via the video app?', 'Q1 2025 was highly volatile, mainly due to high exposure to tech stocks. Click here to find out more about Portfolio Strategy.', "Dow's 115-point rally led by gains for Goldman Sachs, Amazon.com Inc. stocks", 'Amazon.com, Oracle and Merck are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog.', 'Here’s How Much Money Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos Lost in the First Quarter of 2025', 'Microsoft, Alphabet, Nvidia and Amazon are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog.', "Dow's 250-point rally highlighted by gains for Goldman Sachs, Amazon.com Inc. shares", "AMZN's Nova AI shows promise, but capacity constraints and rich valuation suggest holding current positions while awaiting clearer monetization signals in 2025.", 'Fashion designer Rebecca Minkoff warns about the impact of Trump tariffs on handbags and accessories.', 'Just weeks after approaching its all-time high, the Nasdaq Composite is tumbling.  Concerns about new tariffs, weakening consumer sentiment, geopolitical tensions, and a stock market that was already trading at lofty valuations have investors playing defense, selling stocks, and wondering how long this pullback will last.  The members of the "Magnificent Seven" -- the much-watched group of tech megacaps comprised of Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA), Meta Platforms (NASDAQ: META), and Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) -- have almost all fallen even further.', "Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), Walmart (NYSE: WMT), and Target (NYSE: TGT) stocks all fell more than 10% last month according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  The market's been down on tariff talks and moves, and the S&P 500 dropped 5% in March.  The market is on edge in preparation for President Donald Trump to release his complete tariff plan and in expectation of what the fallout could be.", '', 'This monthâ\x80\x99s Protean Funds Scandinavia AB letter elaborates on why we are starting a low-cost active fund and provides color on winners and losers. Click here to read more.', 'This AI giant trades at a compelling value given its massive growth opportunity.', 'Tesla, Inc. faces significant long-term challenges in its EV business from a lack of innovation, and an unfavorable macroeconomic environment. Read why I rate TSLA a Strong Sell.', "Dow Jones Futures Slide Ahead Of 'Liberation Day' Tariffs; Nvidia, Tesla Sell Off", 'The so-called "Magnificent Seven" stocks have helped power the market higher for the past few years.  Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) has been a growth machine, pure and simple.  Nvidia\'s graphic processing units (GPUs) provide the processing power needed to help train AI models and run inference.', 'Navigating Surcharge Creep: How Shippers Can Adapt While the U.S. parcel delivery market has been rapidly evolving over the last several years, recent shifts are reshaping the industry in ways that...', 'Trump’s Liberation Day Is Here. What Stock Markets Need From the Tariffs Announcement and 5 Other Things to Know Today.', 'Discover the best credit cards to save money, earn rewards and travel smarter.', '', "Artificial intelligence (AI) stocks have been some of the top performers on Wall Street over the last few years.  So, let's review two of the largest and best-known AI stocks -- Oracle (NYSE: ORCL) and Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) -- and see which is the best choice for investors right now.  As the AI revolution has gained steam, so has Oracle's stock.", 'The Fund returned 13.42%, reflecting performance at the net asset value of Class I shares with all distributions reinvested for the quarter ended December 31, 2024.', 'The Fund returned -0.25%, reflecting performance at the net asset value of Class I shares with all distributions reinvested for the quarter ended September 30, 2024.', 'This is what could happen next to UPS shares.', 'We recently published a list of 10 Best US Stocks To Buy For Foreign Investors. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best American stocks to buy. In the coming week, the resilience of the US stock market will be challenged as President Trump’s […]', 'Amazon joins Netflix with holiday NFL content while shifting film strategy to compete with traditional studios', "Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Oracle Corp. (ORCL) and Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK).", 'Amazon.com (NasdaqGS:AMZN) experienced a 6% decline over the past week, despite positive news, such as its collaboration with Dynatrace, focusing on AI and cloud automation. Simultaneously, the broader market, represented by indices like the S&P 500 and Dow Jones, experienced a volatile week primarily due to concerns over impending trade tariffs and weaker-than-expected manufacturing data. While some tech giants saw gains, Amazon did not replicate this trend. External market pressures and...', 'Dynatrace inks a multi-year deal with Amazon to unlock faster cloud, smarter AI, and tighter security for enterprises.', 'Is it time to buy the Magnificent Seven after a rough quarter?', 'SEATTLE, April 01, 2025--IMDb will showcase its B2B data licensing solutions and customer success stories as part of the AWS activation at the NAB Show, April 5-9, 2025.', "Amazon is set to leverage NOK's video technologies to enhance its streaming services and devices.", 'Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Apple, Alphabet, Tesla and Nvidia are part of the Zacks Investment Ideas article.', 'The average brokerage recommendation (ABR) for Amazon (AMZN) is equivalent to a Buy. The overly optimistic recommendations of Wall Street analysts make the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric questionable. So, is it worth buying the stock?', 'Amazon resumed Prime Air drone deliveries in Texas and Arizona after a two-month suspension.', 'The sell-off in Microsoft looks overdone, one Wall Street analyst contends.', 'While Amazon (AMZN) would likely be hurt in the short term by a deceleration of U.S. consumer spending, the longer-term outlook of AMZN stock is “very good,” Wedbush Managing Director, Equity Research Scott Devitt told Schwab Network recently. Further, Devitt suggested that the shares are significantly undervalued. Amazon’s Longer-Term, Positive Catalysts The tech giant’s retail […]', "Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) is known for its online store, but its investments in cutting-edge technologies like cloud computing and artificial intelligence (AI) are future-proofing the business for tomorrow's economy.  While tariffs, inflation, and soft consumer spending could weigh on Amazon stock in the near term, there are three reasons it's a no-brainer buy for a long-term investor right now.  This still gives Amazon a lot of opportunity for long-term growth, but investors should think of Amazon as more of a tech-driven, services business.", '', "Nike, Microsoft share gains lead Dow's 114-point climb", "The Nightview Fund's 2024  annual letter explores five transformative trends they are tracking in 2025 and beyond. Click here to read the full letter. ", 'During the fourth quarter of 2024, the US International Sustainable Economy portfolio underperformed the Russell 1000 benchmark. Read more here.', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said on Tuesday that the European Union had a strong plan to retaliate against tariffs imposed by U.S. President Donald Trump, although it preferred...', "The stock market sell-off is intensifying, with the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) down 4.8% in the first three months of the year compared to an over 10% tumble in the Nasdaq Composite (NASDAQINDEX: ^IXIC).  Meanwhile, Energy Transfer (NYSE: ET), Dominion Energy (NYSE: D), and Nike (NYSE: NKE) provide passive income regardless of the stock market's performance.  Motley Fool contributors were asked to offer some details on why all five of these industry-leading companies are built to last and are worth buying and holding even if the stock market goes through a prolonged downturn.", 'Harvest Portfolio Management chief investment officer and Wall Street Beats partner Paul Meeks is on a self-described tech stock buying strike. Meeks joins Wealth with Julie Hyman to explain why, discuss macro conditions, examine the tech landscape, and more.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here.', '(Bloomberg) -- In a quarter marred by tariff uncertainty, US government spending cuts and the threat of recession, it is fears about a bubble brewing in artificial intelligence that have dealt the latest blow to the Nasdaq 100.Most Read from BloombergWhat Frank Lloyd Wright Learned From the DesertGold-Rush Fever Returns to Historic New Zealand Mining TownBank Regulators Fight for Desks as OCC Returns to New York TowerLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Government', 'Dow Jones Futures Fall On Trump Tariff News; Newsmax IPO Rockets 40%', 'Amazon stock is down 21% from its all-time high. Despite high CapEx and immediate valuation risks. Find out why AMZN stock warrants a Buy rating.', 'Q4 2024 Edible Garden AG Inc Earnings Call', 'In the closing of the recent trading day, Amazon (AMZN) stood at $190.26, denoting a -1.28% change from the preceding trading day.', 'Several "Magnificent Seven" stocks are facing pressure, including Amazon (AMZN), Nvidia (NVDA), Microsoft (MSFT), and Tesla (TSLA), amid a sell-off in the market. Market Domination host Josh Lipton and Wall Street Horizon head of corporate event research Christine Short discuss the stock moves and shifts in investor sentiment. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination\xa0here.', 'More than GBP20 million of new funding will help make the use of commercial drones and even flying taxi services a reality, the UK government has said.Ministers said the money will be used to help...', "Nova Act is fast, cheap, and already powering the next-gen Alexa. Amazon's AGI ambitions just got real.", 'Here’s what’s worth streaming in April 2025 on Netflix, Max, Hulu, Disney+ and more', 'A research preview of the Nova Act SDK allows developers to build browser-based AI agents.', 'We recently published a list of 10 Debt Free Halal Stocks to Invest in Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other debt free halal stocks to invest in right now. Debt-Free Halal Stocks to Invest in Amid High Interest Rates The current […]', "Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) stock is heading lower in Monday's trading.  The tech giant's share price was down 2.2% at 1:30 p.m. ET amid a decline of 0.5% for the S&P 500 index and a 1.3% decline for the Nasdaq Composite index.  Amazon is falling today as investors sell out of stocks in response to concerns about the impact of new tariffs set to go into effect on April 2.", "Alphabet Inc.'s search dominance faces challenges from AI competition and ad struggles. Click for why GOOGLâ\x80\x99s rhetoric about being an AI company is unrealistic", 'The Magnificent Seven stocks have led the market lower this year - are they finally cheap enough to start buying?', 'Shares of cloud computing and online retail behemoth Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) fell 3.9% in the morning session after anxiety and uncertainty rattled markets as the major stock indices pulled back in the morning session amid concerns about "reciprocal tariffs" to be announced later in the week. The planned tariffs, scheduled for April 2, 2025 (dubbed Liberation Day), were targeted at all countries where the United States had a trade deficit.', "Amazon.com (NasdaqGS:AMZN) experienced a 5% price decline last week, a movement that might be influenced by broader market trends. The market, facing a 3% fall overall, grappled with uncertainties from looming tariffs and economic concerns, impacting major tech stocks. Specifically, the collaboration between HighByte and Amazon Web Services to improve cloud data accessibility might not offset the market's negative sentiment. Similarly, Amazon's engagement with Reply on Generative AI may...", 'Two longtime investors recently told CNBC that Amazon (AMZN) and Microsoft (MSFT) represent good buys at their current levels. The Weakness of AMZN and MSFT Is Unjustified, Ethridge Says Malcolm Ethridge, the Managing Partner of Capital Area Planning Group, recently purchased more AMZN stock and MSFT stock. The declines of both names are unwarranted and […]', 'Amazon on Monday launched a general-purpose AI agent and new website to interact with its custom artificial intelligence models.  The moves are the latest in an AI push that was popular on Wall Street last year, though Amazon stock continued an eight-week slide amid concerns about tariffs.  The tech behemoth said its new Amazon Nova Act AI agent can reliably perform basic tasks inside a web browser, such as setting an exact time to order a food delivery each week.', "Stock Market Today: Dow Jones Up As New Trump Stock Rockets; 'Secret' Warren Buffett Stock Clears Entry  (Live Coverage)", 'AMD CEO Lisa Su pushes back on the AI slowdown narrative.', 'By Karen Roman Yanolja Co., Ltd. said FY2024 total transaction value increased 186% to 27 trillion Won (USD 18.3 billion) compared to the year prior. Operating revenue rose 22% to reach 924.5 billion Won (USD 625.6 million), with enterprise solutions revenue growing 62% to 292.6 billion Won (USD 198 million), it stated. Adjusted EBITDA was […]', 'Meta Stock Slumps the Least in a Bad Quarter for the Mag 7. Tesla Is Set to See Its Worst First Quarter Ever.', 'The market will eventually start rallying again, Joe Tigay, the Principal of Equity Armor Investments recently told The Schwab Network. Tigay suggested two bullish option trades involving Amazon (AMZN) and Alphabet (GOOG,GOOGL). Tigay Is a Big Fan of AMZN “I love Amazon for the short term and the long term,” Tigay enthusiastically said. AMZN is […]', "TYL's deal with Hillsborough County is another strategic win, reinforcing its role as a trusted partner for public sector modernization.", 'We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Dominating the News This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other AI stocks dominating the news this week. Elon Musk and OpenAI have jointly proposed to fast-track their trial over OpenAI’s transition to a […]', "Whether you're a value, growth, or momentum investor, finding strong stocks becomes easier with the Zacks Style Scores, a top feature of the Zacks Premium research service.", 'Cathie Wood and Warren Buffett have very different investment philosophies, but each owns a particular "Magnificent Seven" stock that looks primed to thrive.', "Although GameStop is back in the news, advisor Barry Ritholtz isn't taking the bait.", "There aren't many technology companies that can claim they've been a leader in artificial intelligence (AI), but Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) can do so easily.  Microsoft has been gaining on Amazon for years and now has 21% of the market, compared to Amazon's 30%.The cloud was important before artificial intelligence came along, but AI has vastly expanded its value.", "Amazon (AMZN) has received quite a bit of attention from Zacks.com users lately. Therefore, it is wise to be aware of the facts that can impact the stock's prospects.", "Amazon on Monday unveiled Nova Act, a general-purpose AI agent that can take control of a web browser and independently perform some simple actions. Alongside the new agentic AI model, Amazon is releasing the Nova Act SDK, a toolkit that allows developers to build agent prototypes with Nova Act. Nova Act, developed by Amazon's recently opened San Francisco-based AGI lab, will also power key features of the company's upcoming Alexa+ upgrade, a generative AI-enhanced version of Amazon's popular vo", '', 'The PGIM Jennison Global Opportunities Fund returned -0.6%, holding up slightly better than the MSCI ACWI Index. Click here to read the full commentary. ', "Despite a challenging 2025 for tech stocks, Amazon remains a 'buy' due to its strong long-term growth potential and robust financial performance. Read the full stock report here.", 'The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Monday.', 'The Hartford Large Cap Growth ETF outperformed the Russell 1000 Growth Index during the quarter. Read more here.', 'Dow Jones Slides 400 Points On Trump Tariff Threat; Nvidia, Palantir, Tesla Dive', "NVIDIA Corp., Amazon.com Inc. share losses lead Dow's 400-point fall", "See how Nvidia Corporation's AI revolution drives 1,773% revenue growth. Learn about its market dominance, risks, & why it's a top pick. Click for more on NVDA.", 'Fabrinet helps big tech companies, including Nvidia, by making small, precision parts used across AI data centers, telecom, and beyond. FN is trying to find support at a long-term moving average, and it trades 30% below its all-time highs.', 'Arm Holdings expects its share of the global market for data center central processing units\xa0to surge to 50% by the end of the year, up from about 15% in 2024 with gains driven by the boom in...', 'The PGIM Jennison Growth Fund rose 6.5%, slightly underperforming the Russell 1000 Growth Index for Q4 2024. Click here to read the full commentary. ', '', 'For Q4 2024, the John Hancock U.S. Growth Fund underperformed the benchmark Russell 1000 Growth Index. Click here to read the full commentary. ', '', '', "Apple's recent moves in AI infrastructure could bode well for Nvidia.", "Amazon's AWS, contributing significantly to operating profits with high margins, is expected to sustain growth. Read why AMZN stock is a Strong Buy.", 'Discover our focused portfolio of 12 global high-quality stocks & Bitcoin.', "Discover three top stock picks for navigating 2025's market turmoil as a new administration reshapes the government.", 'We recently published a list of 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next 3 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against other best stocks to buy for the next 3 months. The year 2025 began with the surprise announcement of DeepSeek AI, launched […]', 'Jason Statham’s ‘A Working Man’ usurps ‘Snow White’ at the box office', ''], None, '-5')
('TSLA', None, ["By Paul Hannon The sharp rise in tariffs announced last week by U.S. President Trump risk a repeat of the Great Depression and the rise in political extremism that followed, Poland's minister for...", "The European Union wants India to eliminate tariffs on car imports under a long-pending trade deal and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is willing to sweeten its current proposal to seal the...", "China's Vice Commerce Minister Ling Ji told U.S. companies including Tesla and GE Healthcare that the country would always protect the rights of foreign-funded firms in China, including those from the...", "China's Vice Commerce Minister Ling Ji told U.S. companies including Tesla and GE Healthcare that the country would always provide protection for foreign funded firms in China, including those from...", "Tesla's valuation remains high after the 50% selloff since December, trading at 117 times last year's earnings. See why I rate TSLA stock a sell.", '', "Tesla's stock continues to be overvalued, facing competition from BYD and a narrow model lineup that limits its moat. Find out why TSLA stock is a Strong Sell.", "Cathie Wood has recently predicted that Tesla will reach $2600/share in five years' time. See why I reiterate my strong sell rating on TSLA stock.", 'CII has undergone a name change and policy update and received a significant distribution boost since our last update. Read why CII CEF is a Buy.', 'The Tesla CEO’s comments come after President Donald Trump on Wednesday announced 20% tariffs on goods from the European Union.', "Elon Musk has an idea, and this time, it's not about Mars, AI, or self-driving cars. The Tesla and SpaceX CEO, along with President Donald Trump, is now calling for a livestream of Fort Knox's gold reserves—just to make sure the gold is still there. “I mean, that would be really fun. And after all, it is actually the gold of the American people, so the American people, it seems to me, have a right to see their gold,” Musk said. “Hopefully, it looks really cool. You know, open the doors like, ‘Is", 'We recently published a list of Jim Cramer Raises Big Question About Tariffs & Discusses These 11 Stocks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other stocks that Jim Cramer discusses. In a recent appearance on CNBC’s Squawk on the Street, Jim Cramer asked the […]', 'The major averages were sharply lower again near noon, continuing yesterday’s post-tariff slide. China has retaliated with additional tariffs of 34% on all U.S. goods a day after the Trump administration imposed its own sweeping levies. Meanwhile, the latest U.S. jobs data show that nonfarm payrolls rose by a higher-than-forecast 228,000 jobs, though the unemployment rate has ticked higher. Looking to commodities, oil prices are sharply lower due to a planned output increase promised by OPEC+ as', 'We recently published a list of 10 Stocks That Will Profit From AI. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other stocks that will profit from AI. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is no longer a concept of the future but a real economic force influencing markets. […]', 'Copyright © BusinessAMBE 2023Key takeawaysDavid Lau steps down as Vice President of Software Engineering after nearly 13 years at Tesla.Petter Winberg already resigned as chief engineer for...', 'Foreign stocks and bond funds are winning the race so far in 2025.. Plus: A Financial Flashback to 25 years ago, the AT&T Wireless IPO.', 'Many people talk about what their $10,000 investment would have turned into if they bought a stock five years before it became popular. However, some people actually buy early and end up with substantial gains. Someone called into "The Ramsey Show" saying that his 37-year-old aunt has $650,000 worth of Tesla stock. She worked at Tesla for six years and didn\'t touch the stock. The caller expressed caution, saying that it\'s not good to put all of your eggs in one basket. Don\'t Miss: ‘Scrolling To', '(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Hochul Says Trump’s Tariffs Are Already Hurting New York EconomyPresident Donald Trump has vowed his historic tariff blitz would revive domestic manufacturing, but i', 'Walmart’s big pay bump for its store managers is paying off, according to U.S. CEO John Furner.', 'Despite taking a hit earlier in the day from weak deliveries, Tesla (TSLA) stock is now soaring as Elon Musk’s time in the federal government appears to be nearing an end.', 'While the "Magnificent Seven" stocks have been some of the best investments over the past few years, they\'ve been poor performers in 2025.  Investors are moving their money from stocks they deem risky to either cash or safer investments, and the Magnificent Seven are some of the stocks they turn to first to raise capital.', 'TIM HIGGINS   Elon Musk doesn’t share the spotlight with many people. Donald Trump is one. Antonio Gracias is another. Gracias, whom you probably haven’t heard of, was center stage in Wisconsin with the Tesla and SpaceX chief executive this past week—a really bad stretch that involved a stunning series of blows for Musk in his business and political lives.', 'If my guess is right, I think the long-term trends behind contract logistics provider GXO Logistics (NYSE: GXO), electric vehicle (EV) company Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA), and copper miner Freeport-McMoRan (NYSE: FCX) make them compelling buys right now.  GXO Logistics offers its customers a route to outsourcing their supply chain logistics, specifically e-commerce warehousing.  Outsourcing logistics allows companies to focus time and effort on their core activity.', "Read about the impact of Trump's tariffs on U.S. markets, Big Tech stocks, and smaller businesses, plus tips to navigate with dividend growth investing.", 'Success in the stock market requires a great deal of thought, analysis, insight, research, and then a bit more thought for good measure.', 'We recently published a list of Mag7 and Beyond: Top 10 AI News Updates and Ratings. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other top AI news updates and ratings. According to a study presented at a European Central Bank conference, companies that manage to […]', 'Copyright © Emerce 2023The trade tariffs announced by Donald Trump on Wednesday are the main reason equity markets have been down in recent weeks. In particular, the Magnificent Seven - a group of...', 'Back in 2010, Elon Musk wasn\'t the world\'s richest man or the tech messiah with a rocket company, electric car empire, and social media platform in his grip. He was a newly minted billionaire fighting to keep Tesla alive, rebuilding SpaceX, and—at the time—trying to dodge a media circus around his divorce. But when the headlines started claiming he "ran off with an actress," Musk lost his patience. "Given the choice, I\'d rather stick a fork in my hand than write about my personal life," he wrote', 'We recently published a list of Top 10 Stocks to Watch as Investors Brace for Potential Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other top stocks to watch as investors brace for potential recession. President Donald Trump’s new reciprocal tariff announcement is hammering stock […]', 'Vehicle deliveries dropped 13% in the first quarter of 2025, reaching 337,000 units.', 'Shares of Apple, Tesla, and Nvidia extend losses Friday after China says it will impose a 34% retaliatory tariff on all imported goods from the U.S.', 'The stock market took a dive, but Cathie Wood didn’t flinch. Instead of retreating, the Ark Invest CEO saw an opportunity and went on a buying spree. According to Investor’s Business Daily, her firm snapped up shares of Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA), Robinhood (NASDAQ:HOOD), Coinbase (NASDAQ:COIN), Palantir Technologies (NYSE:PLTR), and more on March 10. Big Bets in a Turbulent Market Investor’s Business Daily said that Ark Invest picked up 79,318 shares of Tesla, valued at $17.62 million based on Monday’', 'Nvidia and Tesla led megacaps lower on Friday as stocks continued to sell off amid a global trade war.', 'Several powerful income machines are crashingâ\x80¦ but could thrive under Trumpâ\x80\x99s new tariff regime. We share 2 stocks that we think are likely to profit immensely from this trade war.', 'Tesla, Inc. stock faces short-term challenges but holds strong long-term potential with its robotaxi program and robotics development. Click for my TSLA update.', 'All "Magnificent Seven" names — Nvidia (NVDA), Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Tesla (TSLA), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), Meta (META), and Apple (AAPL) — are in the red under Trump\'s second administration. Yahoo Finance podcast Stocks in Translation host Jared Blikre takes a closer look at the group\'s moves. Catch more Stocks in Translation here, with new episodes every Tuesday and Thursday. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.', 'Musk, Bezos, and Zuckerberg lose nearly $45 billion amid market rout, the worst since 2020', 'Nvidia and Tesla led megacaps lower on Friday as stocks continued to sell off amid a global trade war.', "Tesla's vice president of software engineering, David Lau, has told people at the company he is stepping down, Bloomberg News reported on Friday, citing people familiar with the matter. ...", "Bloomberg's Craig Trudell discusses the headwinds that have caused one analyst to further reduce estimates for the company's earnings. Trudell joins Caroline Hyde on Bloomberg Technology....", "Elon Musk's Government Role May Be Hurting Tesla as Q1 Deliveries Decline", "JPMorgan lowered its profit estimates for Tesla after the electric vehicle maker's disappointing delivery numbers.", 'We recently published a list of 10 Stocks Everyone is Talking About After Trump’s New Tariffs. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other stocks everyone is talking about after Trump’s new tariffs. Countries are beginning to react to President Donald Trump’s new reciprocal tariffs […]', '', 'The effects of Tesla’s (TSLA) “unprecedented” brand damage have surprised even analysts at J.P. Morgan (JPM), who had already described the backlash against CEO Elon Musk as without equal in the history of the automotive industry.', 'Tesla, Rivian Automotive, NIO, Li Auto and XPeng are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog.', 'Tesla (TSLA) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock.', 'Apple extends losses after shares of the iPhone maker lost $313.5 billion in market cap on Thursday after President Donald Trump announced tariffs on U.S. trading partners, while Tesla and Nvidia tumble after China says it will impose a 34% retaliatory tariff on all imported goods from the U.S.', 'Learn how to navigate market volatility as sector rotation shifts focus to defensive assets. Click here for more information on Market Outlook.', "U.S. chip companies, banks and oil majors fell sharply on Friday after China retaliated to Trump's tariffs with steep duties, in an intensifying trade war between the world's two largest economies...", 'What Musk Leaving DOGE Would Mean for Tesla Stock', 'Tesla Stock Plunges. It Has to Do With China.', '(Reuters) -     U.S. tech heavyweights, banks and oil majors extended losses on Friday after Beijing retaliated with additional duties of 34% on U.S. goods, amplifying investor concerns over an escalating global trade war that has stoked fears of a recession.', 'Tesla (TSLA) future earnings prospects were further slashed in a note by JPMorgan Chase (JPM) analy', 'These U.S. companies might have the most at stake as other countries counter Trump’s tariffs', "Trump's draconian tariffs, markets fall. Tesla stock price, Musk murmurs.", 'Tesla is well-positioned amid tariff wars with the new Model Y and FSD. Learn why TSLA stock is upgraded from buy to strong buy.', 'Stock Market In Vertical Sell-Off On Trump Tariffs; Tesla Deliveries Fall – Weekly Review', "Dan Ives, senior equity research analyst at Wedbush Securities, discusses the potential impact of President Donald Trump's tariffs on US technology companies. Ives looks at the fallout for the Mag 7, with a focus on Apple and Tesla, and weighs in on a potential TikTok sale.", "Tesla shares fell again on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday, penalized by an unfavorable note from analysts at JPMorgan, who maintained their 'underweight' recommendation on the stock.A little...", '(Bloomberg) -- One of Wall Street’s most bearish Tesla Inc. analysts further reduced estimates for the company’s earnings, citing the magnitude of car-buyer backlash against Elon Musk.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Tesla’s', 'The global EV fuse market is projected to grow significantly, reaching an anticipated value of US$ 5.6 billion by 2031, according to a report by Stratview Research. This growth accompanies an annual rate of 13.9% from 2024 to 2031, driven by the increasing adoption of electric vehicles (EVs) including battery electric vehicles (BEVs) and hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs). The market segmentation includes various types of fuses used across different applications, with low-voltage fuses...', 'March is traditionally a big month for Tesla, which prioritizes quarterly deliveries. Sales, however, fell sharply in key markets last month, while in the markets where Tesla grew it still lost EV market share.', 'Large cryptocurrencies rise as Dogecoin climbs', "Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) investors are no strangers to challenging times.  The electric vehicle (EV) maker has seen shares drop 33% year to date over concerns about its CEO, Elon Musk, who made a controversial foray into politics.  The company's first-quarter deliveries report provided clear evidence about how political blowback is affecting Tesla's global sales.", 'The Global X Autonomous & Electric Vehicles ETF offers exposure to the growing EV and autonomous vehicle markets, despite recent tariff-induced declines. Read more on DRIV ETF.', 'Dow Jones Plunges 1,000 Points On U.S.-China Trade War Fears; Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Sell Off', '', 'For Q1 2025, Andvari is up 7.2% net of fees while the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) is down 4.3%. Click here to read the full letter. ', 'Tesla’s stock is getting caught in the crosshairs of the Trump-China trade war', 'The Q1 2025 letter from St. James Investment Company explores disciplined investing, market speculation, and the Gell-Mann Amnesia effect. Click here to read more.', "Trump Tariffs: How China's Retaliatory Move Is Hitting The S&P 500", 'Dow Jones Futures Dive As China Retaliation Vs. Trump Tariffs Raises Recession Fears', "The UK government has published a list of products it could plan to slap retaliatory tariffs on, in a sign it's potentially prepared to take a tougher stance than it has.", 'Trump Says Stocks Will Boom After Tariffs, That Depends on His Dealmaking—and China. 4 Other Things to Know Today.', 'Vanguard Mega Cap Growth Index Fund ETF is a top pick for high-growth AI and tech exposure. MGK focuses on a smaller number of high-growth tech stocks. See more here.', 'Six of the 10 most popular fund categories were bond strategies. Investors fled large growth stocks, and crypto was a washout.', "Copyright © BusinessAMBE 2023Key takeawaysSwedish insurance company Folksam has sold its entire stake in Tesla due to concerns over workers' rights.Tesla is facing labor disputes from nearly a...", 'CEO Elon Musk pledged Tesla would return to growth this year after the company posted its first-ever sales decline in 2024. But the odds look stacked against him. Relentless protests in...', 'As the anti-Tesla campaign gains momentum and the brand suffers repeated attacks across the globe, WSJ’s Aaron Zitner looks at the fallout from President Trump and Elon Musk’s alliance.', "A Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) analyst sees the electric vehicle company at a pivotal moment in the company's history after reporting weaker-than-expected first-quarter deliveries Wednesday. The Tesla Analyst: Wedbush analyst Daniel Ives maintained an ...", 'Tesla faces a big challenge.', '(Bloomberg) -- The world’s 500 richest people saw their combined wealth plunge by $208 billion Thursday as broad tariffs announced by President Donald Trump sent global markets into a tailspin. Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Li', 'We recently published a list of Top 10 Stocks on Jim Cramer’s Radar as Trump Tariffs Wreak Havoc Across Global Markets. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other top stocks on Jim Cramer’s radar as Trump tariffs wreak havoc across global markets. Jim Cramer […]', 'Apple and other major U.S. tech stocks tumble after President Donald Trump announces sweeping global tariffs, Nvidia falls even as the White House says tariffs on Taiwan wouldn’t apply to semiconductors, and apparel makers such as Nike drop sharply since they use Asian factories to make most of their products.', '(Bloomberg) -- The retail traders who have stormed the markets in recent years were among the only investors buying on Thursday as US stocks had their worst day since June 2020.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Small investor', "Magnificent Seven stocks shed $1.03 trillion in market cap on Thursday. That's the most value the group—Nvidia, Apple, Tesla, Microsoft, Meta Platforms, Alphabet, and Amazon.com—have lost in a single day on record, according to Dow Jones Market Data.", "The Yukon government says it's ending rebates for all Tesla products, as it targets companies associated with tech entrepreneur Elon Musk, who is also a senior adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump....", "China's growth stalls. Global supply chains tremble. And the world's hottest stocks just got torched.", 'The tariff-fueled sell-off has erased $800 billion from Magnificent Seven stocks.', "Musk's wild ride inside Trump's White House is ending--and the fallout could hit Tesla investors hard.", "President Donald Trump gave billionaire adviser Elon Musk a fresh endorsement on Thursday amid criticism of Musk's government reduction project and said he can stay as long as he likes but will...", "In the past month, Tesla (NasdaqGS:TSLA) experienced a share price increase of 4%, coinciding with strong operational results from the first quarter of 2025, including the delivery of over 336,000 vehicles and production figures surpassing 362,000. During this period, broader market conditions were highly volatile, impacted by President Trump’s imposition of sweeping tariffs that have caused widespread declines in major indices like the Nasdaq. Despite this tumultuous backdrop, Tesla's robust...", 'The ‘Magnificent Seven’ saw a record $1 trillion wipeout — and Apple led the way', 'We recently published a list of Top 10 Stocks to Watch as AI Trade Dynamics Change. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stands against other top stocks to watch as AI trade dynamics change. Aswath Damodaran from NYU Stern School of Business said in a recent […]', 'Tariffs and market uncertainty impact consumer staples. Discover value opportunities and portfolio hedges amidst recession fears. Click here for more stock picks.', "From Germany's fury to Trump's tariffs--Tesla's perfect storm is here. Can the stock survive April?", "Tesla's (NASDAQ:TSLA) stock has taken a nosedive since President Donald Trump took office—but Elon Musk's privately held companies are on a wild upward ride. Investors in secondary markets have driven up the combined valuation of four Musk-led companies by 45% since the Nov. 5 election, according to analysis from trading platform Caplight, as cited by Bloomberg. The analysis relies on data from secondary transactions and market indicators, such as buyer interest, to provide daily share price est", 'Q1 deliveries declined 13% year over year, totaling 336,681 vehicles--the lowest since 2022.', 'Tesla Stock Tanks Amid Musk Rumors, Trump Tariffs, Dismal Delivery Data. What’s Next.', 'Trump Tariffs Impact: The Hardest Hit And Who Is Holding Up On The S&P 500', 'Politico reported the Tesla CEO would soon return to the private sector, triggering a rally in shares of the beleaguered carmaker. Not so fast, says Musk.', '(Bloomberg) -- Supply Lines is a daily newsletter that tracks global trade. Sign up here.Most Read from BloombergMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersChicago School District Agrees to Minimum 16% Teacher Pay RaiseWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Just hours after taking effect, President Donald Trump’s 25% tariffs on imported cars are', "While Tesla and Rivian's first-quarter deliveries fall year over year, NIO, XPeng and Li Auto witness a surge in sales.", 'All it took was losing $100 billion in three months to make Elon Musk change his tune on government work.', 'Tariff-driven tech dip hits China-linked giants; Wedbush warns of earnings volatility but urges investors to look ahead', 'Tesla reports its worst quarter for sales in three years. This puts Tesla-heavy ETFs in focus.', 'Tesla delivered 336,681 vehicles in Q1, down 13% year over year.', 'Apple and other major U.S. tech stocks tumble after President Donald Trump announces sweeping global tariffs, Nvidia falls even as the White House says tariffs on Taiwan wouldn’t apply to semiconductors, and apparel makers such as Nike drop sharply since they use Asian factories to make most of their products.', 'Signs of Tesla\'s (NASDAQ: TSLA) brand crisis are almost everywhere you look.  Over the weekend, more than 200 "Tesla Takedown" protests were held across the country as Americans expressed their ire about CEO Elon Musk\'s project to downsize federal agencies -- which President Donald Trump refers to as the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) -- by targeting his company.  Sales in Europe appear to be plunging; registration data showed Tesla sales were down 42% across most of Europe in the first two months of the year.', 'Rivian’s (RIVN) Q1 production and deliveries totaled 14,600 and 8,600, respectively, slightly ahead of the 14,000 and 8,000 guidance as it moves to build up inventory in the early part of the year ahead of its planned second half shutdown at Normal for the R2 expansion, Truist tells investors in a research note. The firm, which made no change to its Hold rating or $14 price target, says that while the numbers for Q1 were largely in-line with prior commentary and Street estimates, the shares and', 'Meta Platforms, Tesla, Nvidia, Alphabet and Microsoft are part of the Zacks Earnings Trends article.', 'Wells Fargo analyst Colin Langan calls Tesla’s (TSLA) Q1 delivery report a “big bust.” The company reported a year-over-year decline of 13% and a consecutive quarter of failing to meet the quarterly consensus, the analyst tells investors in a research note. The firm expects the shares to trade down as “deteriorating fundamentals continue to take the spotlight.” Wells says Tesla’s high financing incentives were not enough to help the Q1 results. The firm has an Underweight rating on the shares wi', 'Tesla are part of the Zacks Investment Ideas article.', 'After Tesla (TSLA) announced its Q1 delivery figure of 337,000 vehicles, which was “well below” both the Street’s 352,000 estimate and Street “whisper numbers” of about 350,000, Wedbush said “brand crisis issues are clearly having a negative impact on Tesla…there is no debate.” This delivery number was “a disaster for the bulls with continuous negativity around the TSLA brand,” according to the analyst, who adds: “We are not going to look at these numbers with rose colored glasses…they were a di', 'Cantor Fitzgerald says Tesla (TSLA) pre-announced that it delivered 336,681 vehicles in Q1, below the Bloomberg consensus of 377,590. Tesla also pre-announced that it had produced 362,615 vehicles in Q1, below the Visible Alpha consensus of 437,818 vehicles, the analyst tells investors in a research note. The firm says the company’s sales in Q1 were affected by weak demand in Europe and CEO Elon Musk’s “polarizing politics, among other reasons.” Cantor keeps an Overweight rating on the shares wi', 'Barclays analyst Dan Levy says Tesla (TSLA) reported Q1 deliveries of 336,000 units, below the consensus estimate of 363,000. The inventory builds 27,000 missed Barclay’s estimate of a 20,000 drawdown, the analyst tells investors in a research note. The firm believes the “weak” Q1 sets up a “challenging path” for even flat year-over-year volume in 2025 for Tesla. A steep ramp is required, with likely reliance on a “still unknown” Model 2.5, Barclays adds. It has an Equal Weight rating on the sha', "Musk is not leaving DOGE just yet, and TSLA's EV business is struggling. AV progress is now key to Tesla's comeback story.", '(Bloomberg) -- Roughly $1.7 trillion was erased from the S&P 500 Index at the start of trading on Thursday amid worries that President Donald Trump’s sweeping new round of tariffs could plunge the economy into a recession.Most Read from BloombergMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersChicago School District Agrees to Minimum 16% Teacher Pay RaiseThe d', 'TRADEMARKMEDIATION FAILS IN TESLA TRADEMARK DISPUTEIn 2024, Tesla, Inc. filed a lawsuit in the Delhi HC against Tesla Power India Pvt. Ltd. & Others , a company based in Gurugram, alleging...', 'Tesla (TSLA) saw its shares surge in the last session with trading volume being higher than average. The latest trend in earnings estimate revisions may not translate into further price increase in the near term.', 'Discover why Tesla, Inc. stock faces sell pressure amid macroeconomic risks, earnings challenges, and competition. Click for why I am downgrading TSLA shares.', 'Consumer and tech brands top 20 worst-performing S&P 500 stocks Thursday as tariffs rattle markets', 'Tesla sales in Germany dropped in March compared with the same time last year and were marginally lower in the UK, despite a spike in overall EV sales in both markets, data showed on Thursday. ...', 'Large cryptocurrencies fall as Solana tumbles', "Tesla, Inc.'s Q1 2025 earnings show declining sales, shrinking margins, and overvaluation, raising concerns for investors. Read more about TSLA stock here.", 'Elon Musk rumored to be eyeing the White House exits, but can he save Tesla?', 'Dow Jones Plummets 1,200 Points On Trump Tariffs; Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Plunge', 'In 2024, Silver Beech delivered strong absolute returns of 23.9% for the full year, narrowly behind the S&P 500â\x80\x99s 25.0%. Click here to read the full letter. ', "Wedbush confirms its 'outperform' rating on Tesla shares, along with its $550 target price , as 'according to press reports, Donald Trump has told his cabinet that Elon Musk will be leaving office...", 'RIVN is facing mounting pressure given its unprofitability, compounded by a possible recession and geopolitical risks in its partnership with Volkswagen. Read more about RIVN stock here.', 'Dow Jones Futures Dive On Huge Trump Tariffs; Tesla, Apple, Nvidia, Taiwan Semi, Palantir Sell Off', "While many investors hold great respect for Warren Buffett, they may also view him as more of a traditional investor.  Consumer tech giant Apple is still the largest holding in Berkshire Hathaway's massive equities portfolio, and the conglomerate owns stakes in other innovative companies as well.  In fact, one of those companies is starting to eat Tesla's lunch.", "Retail investors' most widely held stock on Robinhood is a company known for its groundbreaking innovation in a number of industries.", "Sales are falling, and the brand is under pressure. Musk's distractions may be Tesla's biggest risk and investors are still paying a premium.", 'Trump Tariffs Smash Asia. How a Global Trade War Will Hurt U.S. Stock Markets and 5 Other Things to Know Today.', 'A bull (The Value Edge) and bear (Pacifica Yield) discuss Tesla. Brand damage, Q1 deliveries, and how to fairly value the stock.', '', "Tesla sales fell in the first three months of the year in another sign that Elon Musk's once high-flying electric car company is struggling to attract buyers", 'Tesla sales tumble 13% as Musk backlash, competition and aging lineup turn off buyers', 'As concern over tariff paralysis and prospect of stickier inflation continued toÂ\xa0challenge investor confidence in historically expensive market in March, the S&P 500 dropped more than -5.6%', "Here are Buffett's words on investing through a crisis.", "Total 2025 Q1 earnings for the S&P 500 index are expected to be up +5.9% from the same period last year on +3.9% higher revenues, continuing the recent growth pace nicely. Next week, we'll hear from the big banks.", 'Stocks crept higher today. Three straight intraday rebounds nearly erased Fridayâ\x80\x99s 2% S&P spanking', "Stocks sold off late Wednesday as President Trump's reciprocal tariffs proved to be harsher than many on Wall Street had expected.", "The S&P 500 added 0.7% on Wednesday, April 2, 2025, ahead of President Trump's afternoon tariff announcement.", 'In the face of escalating protests and boycotts, Errol Musk, father of Elon Musk, has come forward to defend his son’s cost-cutting initiatives for the U.S. government and his EV company Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA). What Happened: Errol has responded to ...', "US benchmark equity indexes closed higher Wednesday ahead of President Donald Trump's reciprocal tar", "Tesla (TSLA) stock has reversed earlier losses that were fueled by first quarter deliveries missing estimates after reports that CEO Elon Musk will be stepping back from US politics. Stifel NextGen transport analyst Stephen Gengaro joins Josh Lipton, Investopedia editor in chief Caleb Silver, and Citi Wealth chief investment strategist and chief economist Steven Wieting to discuss how Elon Musk's involvement in President Donald Trump's second administration has impacted Tesla. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here.", "Tesla Stock Climbs as Musk's Return to Full-Time CEO Role Gains Traction", 'Tesla stock rises following a report that CEO Elon Musk will soon step away from his government role, Rivian tumbles after first-quarter deliveries drop 36% from a year earlier, and Trump Media falls after a filing seeks to allow a trust headed by President Donald Trump to sell around $2.3 billion in stock.', "Despite missing Q1 delivery expectations, several factors suggest that the worst may be priced into Tesla's stock. Stock Strategist Andrew Rocco explains.", 'Shares of electric vehicle pioneer Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) jumped 5.6% in the afternoon session after Politico reported that Elon Musk may soon step down from his position at the Department of Government Efficiency, indicating a renewed focus on his business ventures, especially Tesla.', 'US benchmark equity indexes ended higher Wednesday as the Trump administration made auto tariffs off', 'Politico reports Musk to reduce government involvement; press secretary denies, says DOGE initiative continues', 'Despite taking a hit earlier in the day from weak deliveries, Tesla (TSLA) stock is now soaring as Elon Musk’s time in the federal government appears to be nearing an end.', 'Shares of the electric carmaker Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) started this morning in the red only to reverse course and work their way firmly into positive territory, with shares trading 5% higher as of 2:15 p.m. ET today.  There was a lot of news about Tesla, including first-quarter deliveries and reports that CEO Elon Musk may soon end his involvement in government affairs.  Is Musk done with DOGE?', "Protests and boycotts have driven many EV buyers to look elsewhere. Has Tesla's growth story stalled?", 'Explore strong-performing sectors like oil & gas, waste management, and REITs while avoiding tariff-sensitive stocks. Click for my exclusive tariff picks.', 'US benchmark equity indexes were higher intraday as President Donald Trump prepared to announce his', "Folksam's surprise exit sends a shockwave through ESG-driven markets as Tesla's labor stance faces global scrutiny.", 'Tesla sales plunged 13% in the first three months of this year, as the company reported the largest drop in deliveries in its history by far, as backlash against CEO Elon Musk, and growing competition from other automakers’ electric vehicles, took a large bite out of demand for its EVs.', "Tesla’s stock jumped Wednesday on a report that the electric vehicle maker’s CEO, Elon Musk, may exit President Donald Trump's Department of Government Efficiency.", 'Shares of Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) are rebounding on Wednesday.  The recovery comes as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite gained 0.5% and 0.9%, respectively.  A report suggesting CEO Elon Musk may soon leave his role in the Trump administration to refocus on his businesses has sparked investor optimism.', 'For  Tesla  investors, Elon Musk’s time matters more than quarterly deliveries.  Tesla stock recouped its losses after announcing disappointing deliveries data following a Politico report that cited three unnamed Trump insiders who said the electric-vehicle maker’s CEO plans to step away from his government role in the coming weeks.  Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt tweeted, “This ‘scoop’ is garbage,” on Wednesday afternoon, adding, “Elon Musk and President Trump have both publicly stated that Elon will depart from public service as a special government employee when his incredible work at DOGE is complete.”', 'Among the top 10 richest people in the world, only Bill Gates and Warren Buffett added to their fortunes in this period, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.', 'Tesla Misses Q1 Delivery Estimates, Shares Plunge', '(Bloomberg) -- US Treasuries added to their recent rally as global trade tensions rose ahead of President Donald Trump’s tariff announcement.Most Read from BloombergWhat Frank Lloyd Wright Learned From the DesertLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersBank Regulators Fight for Desks as OCC Returns to New York TowerThe 10-year yield fell for a fourth co', 'The company delivered 336,681 vehicles, down from 386,810 in Q1 2024.', "Tesla's stock turned positive Wednesday as a report suggested that CEO Elon Musk might be stepping back from some of his government work.", "On today's Market Minute, Julie Hyman provides a quick overview of the trending stories investors need to know about. Tesla (TSLA) is rising, making up for earlier losses fueled by first quarter deliveries missing estimates, on reports that President Donald Trump CEO Elon Musk will step back from his role in US politics. Rivian (RIVN) reports a sales decline in first quarter deliveries. Rocket (RKT) shares gain on several analyst upgrades. Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, with Yahoo Finance's Market Minute.", 'The decline is further evidence that a growing consumer backlash against the brand and CEO Elon Musk is hurting the automaker’s business.', 'The EV maker recently joined Ford Motor in seeking relief as President Donald Trump prepares to implement tariffs that threaten to upend the global auto industry.', "Tesla's EV deliveries fell 13% to 336,700 vehicles over Q1 of last year, far fewer than arch-rival BYD, as CEO Elon Musk's crisis deepens.", 'U.S. equities are edging higher at midday, ahead of a highly anticipated tariffs announcement expected from President Donald Trump.', 'Shares of Tesla (TSLA) started moving higher following a Politico report that Elon Musk will be stepping away from his role in the administration soon. Wealth Anchor Julie Hyman reports the breaking news.\xa0 To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here.', 'The stock market jumped on Wednesday after a report said Elon Musk would soon step back from his role in the government.  Politico reported, citing three people it described as Trump insiders, that the president told members of his cabinet that the Tesla CEO would soon return to his businesses.  It also cited a senior administration official who said Musk will have an informal role as an adviser.', 'Tesla stock fell after poor delivery data, but was getting a boost in midday trade after a report said Elon Musk is set to step back from his intensive role in the Trump administration.', 'UBS Asks Court to Overturn Arbitration Award in Tesla Short-Selling Case', "Tesla's Q1 delivery figure represented a 13% decline from a year ago.", 'Tesla (TSLA) delivered slightly more than 336,000 electric vehicles between January and March, far below Wall Street’s already low expectations', 'Musk’s Political Influence Is at Risk After Wisconsin Loss. What It Means for DOGE.', "Trump Says Musk's Days Are Numbered; Tesla, Defense Contractors Rally", '', 'Q1 2025 was highly volatile, mainly due to high exposure to tech stocks. Click here to find out more about Portfolio Strategy.', 'Stock Market Today: Dow Jones Soars With Tariffs Looming; Tesla Jumps As Amazon Joins TikTok Bidding War (Live Coverage)', 'Tesla’s deliveries ‘disaster’ is a warning for Elon Musk: Focus on EVs, or else', "Tesla Shares Rebound Following Report of Musk's Potential Exit From Trump's Inner Circle", 'Auto & Transport Roundup: Market Talk', "NEO Battery Materials Ltd. has entered a collaboration agreement with Elementium Materials Inc. to enhance NEO's silicon battery platform using advanced electrolyte technology. This partnership aims to improve battery stability and electrochemical performance, particularly in ultra-fast charging and discharging, by leveraging Elementium's advanced electrolytes. The collaboration is expected to benefit high-demand markets such as power tools, humanoid robots, drones, and aerospace systems,...", 'Stocks fell premarket on “Liberation Day,” when President Donald Trump is set to unveil new tariffs on virtually all countries with which the U.S. has a trading relationship. Futures linked to the S&P 500, Nasdaq 100 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average all pointed to a lower open.', "Tesla, Inc.'s Q1 deliveries fell 13% YoY, missing estimates by 40K vehicles. Click for my close look at the TSLA sales data and what it means for the stock.", 'News of the day for April 2, 2025', 'Tesla falls ahead of the release of first-quarter deliveries, Nvidia dips after ending a five-session losing streak, and nCino drops sharply after earnings and guidance miss analysts’ estimates.', 'Tesla fell short of expectations for Q1 deliveries as backlash against CEO Elon Musk and a changeover in the Model Y weighed.', 'The EV maker is slated to report first-quarter sales data Wednesday morning. Wall Street expects just under 380,000 vehicles. The number reported probably won’t be that high.', 'BEIJING (Reuters) -U.S. automaker Tesla sold 78,828 China-made electric vehicles in March, down 11.5% from a year earlier, data from the China Passenger Car Association (CPCA) showed on Wednesday.  Deliveries of China-made Model 3 and Model Y vehicles increased 156.9% from the previous month.  Chinese rival BYD, with its Ocean and Dynasty EV and plug-in hybrid lineup, saw passenger vehicle sales up 23.1% year-on-year to 371,419 units last month.', "Wall Street is bracing for Tesla to report a drop in first-quarter vehicle deliveries on Wednesday, but analysts and investors cannot agree on how bad the decline would be.  An average of 15 analysts who lowered their forecasts in the past 30 days expect deliveries to drop 3.7%, according to  Visible Alpha, but some analysts and investors termed it conservative and predicted as much as 12% slide.  CEO Elon Musk has pledged a return to growth after Tesla's annual deliveries dipped last year, but waning demand for its aging line up of electric vehicles and a backlash against his political stance could make that promise a hard one to keep.", 'Large cryptocurrencies mixed as Ethereum declines', 'Rivian Had a Better Quarter Than Tesla. Its Stock Is Down Anyway.', 'The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Wednesday.', 'Tesla, Inc. faces significant long-term challenges in its EV business from a lack of innovation, and an unfavorable macroeconomic environment. Read why I rate TSLA a Strong Sell.', 'Investing.com -- Robinhood (NASDAQ:HOOD) has published its list of the top 10 most-bought stocks in March 2025 on Robinhood UK, revealing a clear preference for the technology, AI, and cryptocurrency sectors among investors.', "Lucid's stock rises as Tesla owners switch, but production challenges and EV market competition pose risks.", 'With perfect or tone-deaf timing—take your pick—China’s Communist Party mouthpiece, People’s Daily, is rolling out a miniseries this week titled “Fully Understanding the Mutually Beneficial Nature of China-U.S. Relations.”  Part 1 cited a Tesla factory in Shanghai making energy-storage batteries and Apple partners making electronics in China as examples of the benefits for the U.S. in doing business in China.  Part 2, published Wednesday, features an Iowa farmer whose soybeans are exported to China.', "Tesla's brutal decline has shaken investors. Should you walk away or double down?", "Dow Jones Futures Slide Ahead Of 'Liberation Day' Tariffs; Nvidia, Tesla Sell Off", 'Cryptocurrencies are coming off a strong year in 2024, the total value of all coins and tokens in circulation having soared to a new record high of $3.9 trillion shortly after the U.S. presidential election in November.  Shiba Inu (CRYPTO: SHIB) and Dogecoin (CRYPTO: DOGE) ended 2024 with gains of 105% and 251%, respectively.  Shiba Inu delivered one of the best returns in the history of financial markets in 2021, when it soared by an eye-popping 45,278,000%.', 'Rivian Deliveries Decline 36% But EV Startup Keeps 2025 Outlook Steady', 'Rivian Stock Falls as First-Quarter Deliveries Plummet', "Tesla Deliveries Are Due Before The Stock Market Open. Here's What To Know. (Live Coverage)", "Some investors are hoping Tesla's recent controversies will give Rivian a much-needed boost.", "LONDON -Britain is working intensely with Washington to secure an exemption from U.S. auto tariffs and could review a credit scheme that indirectly benefits Elon Musk's Tesla to better support its...", 'India plans to lower import tariffs on electric cars, rejecting requests from local automakers to delay such cuts by four years, as New Delhi prioritises closing a trade deal with the United States,...', 'Warren Buffett’s electric gold mine: BYD outruns Tesla', "Shares of Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) are up a whopping 672% in the past five years and 2,050% in the past decade.  Does this price make the electric vehicle (EV) stock a smart buying opportunity?  Between 2013 and 2023, Tesla's growth was truly spectacular.", 'Chinese electric vehicle champion BYD has reported a 60% surge in sales in the first quarter of the year as archrival Tesla stumbles.', "By Sherry Qin Telsa's China sales continued to drop in March but the carmaker still managed to break into the top three spots amid intense competition in the country's auto market. Tesla sold...", "COPENHAGEN (Reuters) -Sweden's largest insurer Folksam said on Wednesday it has sold its stake in electric car maker Tesla over concerns about the company's stance on workers' rights.  Tesla, headed by billionaire Elon Musk, is facing a backlash from unions and some pension funds in the Nordic region over its refusal to accept a demand from Swedish mechanics for collective bargaining rights covering wages and other conditions.  Tesla did not immediately respond to a request for comment.", "U.S. stock index futures slipped on Wednesday as investors braced for details of U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff plans, which are expected to upend global trade and commerce. Wall...", '(Bloomberg) -- Elon Musk’s candidate faced a resounding loss in a Wisconsin judicial race despite the world’s richest man pouring millions into the campaign, while Republicans avoided upsets in two critical US House seats in Donald Trump’s home state of Florida.Most Read from BloombergWhat Frank Lloyd Wright Learned From the DesertMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Governments Vie for Fi', "COPENHAGEN -Sweden's largest insurer Folksam said on Wednesday it has sold its stake in electric car maker Tesla over concerns about the company's stance on workers' rights. Folksam...", "Elon Musk's new role in the Trump administration, and especially his behavior, has seriously damaged Tesla's brand and reduced sales of new electric cars in European markets, especially in Germany....", 'Heading into trading on Monday, the S&P 500 was down around 5% to start 2025.  The three worst-performing stocks on the broad index as of Monday were Deckers Outdoor (NYSE: DECK), Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA), and On Semiconductor (NASDAQ: ON).  The S&P 500 stock down the most after the first quarter of 2025 is Deckers Outdoor, a footwear company that is struggling mightily despite posting what seemed to be decent results in its most recent quarter.', 'The Fund returned -0.25%, reflecting performance at the net asset value of Class I shares with all distributions reinvested for the quarter ended September 30, 2024.', "Rivian (NASDAQ: RIVN) stock posted big gains in Tuesday's trading thanks to a pair of bullish catalysts.  The electric vehicle (EV) company's shares ended the day up 6.4% amid the backdrop of a 0.3% gain for the S&P 500 and a 0.8% gain for the Nasdaq Composite.  The stock also got a boost from recent analysis that Rivian could benefit from recent controversies surrounding Tesla and its CEO Elon Musk.", 'The controversial CEO recently made a shocking decision.', "Wisconsin voters elected Susan Crawford to the state Supreme Court on Tuesday, maintaining the court's 4-3 liberal majority in a setback for President Donald Trump and his billionaire ally Elon Musk,...", 'Dow Jones Futures Fall With Trump Tariffs, Tesla Deliveries On Deck', 'Back in 2019, Elon Musk was surprisingly upbeat for a guy juggling rockets, cars, and a brain-chip startup. At a Neuralink event at the California Academy of Sciences, Musk made it clear—he wasn\'t buying into the whole "everything\'s terrible" narrative. "Humanity can address a lot of the suffering that occurs in the world and make things a lot better," he said. "I think a lot of times people are quite sort of negative about the present and about the future, but really if you are a student of his', 'Tesla (TSLA) shares have been hit by CEO Elon Musk\'s involvement with the Trump administration. But it\'s not just public relations concerns that have led to the stock\'s decline. As BofA Securities senior automotive analyst John Murphy explains, there is a "massive change" that has also been impacting the business. Find out what it is in the video above.\xa0 To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here.', 'Stocks ended mostly higher today, though not in any inspiring fashion - more like the way a snake clears a hurdle.', 'Take a look at how can Tesla be affected by auto tariffs, which have rattled the automaker market.'], None, '-10')
('MSFT', None, ["Microsoft's Chinese joint venture, Wicresoft, will cease operations in China as of Tuesday, resulting in around 2,000 layoffs, according to Chinese media outlet Caijing, citing sources close to the...", 'Stock markets experienced a sharp decline, with major indices dropping nearly 10% last week. Check out what investors should expect from Marchâ\x80\x99s CPI report.', "President Trump's tariffs and China's retaliation have triggered mayhem in tech stocks. Read why I maintain my buy rating on Microsoft (MSFT) stock.", '', 'CII has undergone a name change and policy update and received a significant distribution boost since our last update. Read why CII CEF is a Buy.', "The tech giants that powered the stock market for the past two years were among the hardest hit this week in this week's big selloff.  Apple shares shed 16% of their value over two days—Thursday and Friday— as the company draws the bulk of its business from hardware manufactured in countries like China that were hit with steep tariffs.  The corporate software and cloud computing services that make up the bulk of its business are less exposed to tariffs in general.", 'OpenAI CEO Sam Altman stated in a post to X: “change of plans: we are going to release o3 and o4-mini after all, probably in a couple of weeks, and then do GPT-5 in a few months. there are a bunch of reasons for this, but the most exciting one is that we are going to be able to make GPT-5 much better than we originally though. we also found it harder than we thought it was going to be to smoothly integrate everything. and we want to make sure we have enough capacity to support what we expect to', "With artificial intelligence (AI) increasing demand for electricity, nuclear energy is becoming a more viable option.  In fact, all three big cloud computing companies have announced major investments in nuclear power.  Microsoft started the ball rolling when last fall it signed a 20-year power purchase agreement with Constellation Energy in which the power company would restart its Three Mile Island nuclear facility to power Microsoft's data centers.", '(Bloomberg) -- Hon Hai Precision Industry Co.’s first-quarter sales rose at their fastest clip since 2022 on resilient data center demand, a bright sign for the artificial intelligence sector amid tariff-induced fears.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Hochul Says Trump’s Tariffs Are Alre', 'Nvidia (NVDA) fell with other Magnificent 7 stocks on Thursday as the market reacted to new tariffs — but the company also may’ve slipped because a major bank downgraded it for unrelated reasons.', "Dell Technologies' recent dip of ~20% creates a buying opportunity, bolstered by a $9 billion AI server backlog. Check out why DELL stock is a strong buy.", 'The share price of Arm Holdings (NASDAQ: ARM) rocketed higher in the first month of 2025, but the British technology company saw a significant pullback since hitting a 2025 high on Jan. 22.  Arm stock has traded down 44% since then as investors pressed the panic button over multiple headwinds.  Does the sharp pullback that Arm saw in the past couple of months present a buying opportunity for long-term investors?', "Microsoft's diversified model, strong margins, and AI/cloud investments make it resilient. Click to know why it's a defensive buy with growth potential.", "Read about the impact of Trump's tariffs on U.S. markets, Big Tech stocks, and smaller businesses, plus tips to navigate with dividend growth investing.", 'BlackBerry transitions to software, leading in automotive tech like QNX, but faces competition, growth hurdles, and reliance on US contracts. See why BB is a Hold.', 'Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) founder Bill Gates nostalgically looks back on the computer code he wrote 50 years ago, which played a pivotal role in the creation of the tech giant. What Happened: Gates reminisced about the early days of Microsoft in a blog post. He and his late high school friend, Paul Allen, were inspired by a 1975 article about the Altair 8800, a minicomputer powered by a chip from the then-unknown tech company, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). This prompted them to assure Altair’s manufacturer', 'As Microsoft CEOs past and present gathered here to celebrate the company\'s 50th birthday, one leader said he is targeting a particular metric\'s improvement to guide his strategy on artificial intelligence.  Mustafa Suleyman, chief executive of Microsoft AI, said his consumer and research division is tracking the usual measures of adoption for the company\'s AI assistant called Copilot.  In an older era when consumers gave less real-time feedback on software, the time they spent with a product -- on social media, for instance -- or the problems they could solve represented crude "proxies for quality," he said.', 'We recently published a list of Mag7 and Beyond: Top 10 AI News Updates and Ratings. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top AI news updates and ratings. According to a study presented at a European Central Bank conference, companies that manage to […]', 'Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer says companies need to continue to invest through tumultuous markets.', "Tariffs are top of mind for businesses following US President Donald Trump's announcement. Former Microsoft (MSFT) CEO Steve Ballmer sits down with Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley to share what advice he would give to the tech company's current CEO Satya Nadella. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Asking for a Trend here.", "Microsoft AI CEO Mustafa Suleyman's remarks were interrupted by a pro-Palestinian protesting employee during the technology company's 50th anniversary celebration on Friday over the firm's ties with...", 'Microsoft (MSFT) is turning 50. One of the people who knows the company best is former CEO Steve Ballmer. He sat down with Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley to discuss how the tech giant continues to evolve through its embrace of AI and how it navigates turmoil such as tariffs. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Asking for a Trend here.', 'We recently published a list of Top 10 Stocks to Watch as Investors Brace for Potential Recession. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top stocks to watch as investors brace for potential recession. President Donald Trump’s new reciprocal tariff announcement is hammering stock […]', 'A number of stocks fell in the afternoon session after China imposed a 34% tariff on all U.S. imports amid escalating trade war tensions. This was partly in response to the "reciprocal tariffs" announced by the Trump administration the previous day, with levies on Chinese goods estimated to be as high as 50%.', 'Nvidia and Tesla led megacaps lower on Friday as stocks continued to sell off amid a global trade war.', 'Microsoft marked its 50th anniversary by unveiling major Copilot AI updates, including new developer tools and user features', 'While scaling back some site developments, Microsoft says infrastructure plans are still aligned with growing AI demand', '(Bloomberg) -- Meta Platforms Inc. plans to spend nearly $1 billion on the development of a data center project in central Wisconsin, underscoring a larger effort from the social media giant to ramp up investments in AI and cloud infrastructure.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?London Cl', "While most of the 'Magnificent 7' Big Tech stocks post double-digit percentage declines, Microsoft's enterprise-heavy, AI-driven business is faring decidedly better.", 'Nintendo announced that it is delaying preorders of its Switch 2 console amid Trump tariffs.', "REDMOND, Wash. — A pro-Palestinian protester interrupted the keynote event of Microsoft's 50th anniversary celebration Friday, the latest backlash over the tech industry's work to supply artificial...", 'REDMOND, Wash (Reuters) -Thousands of people swooned in a dark conference hall that felt more like a rock concert when a Microsoft product manager demonstrated the company\'s latest feature: how to sum numbers in Excel, with the click of a button.  "It was literally like Mick Jagger walked out," said Yusuf Mehdi, Microsoft\'s consumer chief marketing officer, who started as an intern.  On Friday, the day Microsoft turned 50, the company\'s leaders and staff gathered at its Redmond headquarters to remember the software maker\'s glory days while trumpeting what they hope will bring it into the future: more powerful artificial intelligence.', "Microsoft's Copilot is getting a slew of intelligent upgrades, leaving rival Apple further behind in the AI wars.", 'All "Magnificent Seven" names — Nvidia (NVDA), Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Tesla (TSLA), Microsoft (MSFT), Amazon (AMZN), Meta (META), and Apple (AAPL) — are in the red under Trump\'s second administration. Yahoo Finance podcast Stocks in Translation host Jared Blikre takes a closer look at the group\'s moves. Catch more Stocks in Translation here, with new episodes every Tuesday and Thursday. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here.', 'Nvidia and Tesla led megacaps lower on Friday as stocks continued to sell off amid a global trade war.', 'Tariffs impact markets, S&P 500 outlook, and why current valuations present a prime opportunity to invest in the U.S. Click to read why SP500 is a Strong Buy.', 'Recession odds are rising. Read more on the long-term market reaction and what investors are doing to prepare for volatile times.', "Not great. Here's their combined loss of market value Thursday, according to Dow Jones Market Data—a record one-day wipeout: $1.03 trillion lost market value Given their size, those moves translated into huge market-value drops: Apple alone lost $311 billion.", 'Invest in strong dividend growth stocks! Apple & Microsoft can outperform S&P 500, offering solid risk-adjusted returns and financial. Read more about GOOG and AAPL.', 'Learn how to navigate market volatility as sector rotation shifts focus to defensive assets. Click here for more information on Market Outlook.', 'The hunt for cheap stocks begins.', 'GE Vernova, Constellation Energy and Microsoft are part of the Zacks Investment Ideas article.', 'Generation Investment Management, an investment management firm, released its “Global Equity Strategy” fourth quarter 2024 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. The firm is not a momentum investor and avoids companies with uncertain future earnings and high valuations. The firm invests for the long-term and remains curious about new companies. […]', "The Nasdaq Composite index hit its most recent high on Dec. 16, 2024, but the tech-laden index has turned in a forgettable performance so far this year.  The result is largely due to the rising economic uncertainty in the U.S. thanks to the new administration's policies.  This puts the Nasdaq Composite in correction territory.", 'Flexera has introduced Cloud License Management, a solution designed to enhance the management of cloud software expenditures, which have become a significant concern for organizations with cloud spend challenges surpassing even security issues. This new tool allows organizations to gain a comprehensive understanding of their cloud software investments across platforms like Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. By providing a unified view of cloud software spend, along with actionable...', "Trump's draconian tariffs, markets fall. Tesla stock price, Musk murmurs.", '', 'The company has recently halted negotiations or postponed development in Indonesia, the UK, Australia, and the US.', 'Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. challenges Nvidia with AI chip progress, offering better cost-performance metrics and strong growth potential. Read more about AMD stock here.', 'Change is good. But companies undergoing "positive dynamic change" is even better. That\'s the stock picking motto of Alger Focus Equity (ALAFX), a 2025 IBD Best Mutual Funds award winner.', "The Nasdaq Composite, one of the U.S. stock market's three main indexes, has had an interesting few months.  Just because the Nasdaq has struggled doesn't mean investors should avoid it completely.  One way is through the Nasdaq-100, a subset of the Nasdaq Composite that contains the largest 100 non-financial companies trading on the Nasdaq stock exchange.", 'CoreWeave, Inc. stock surged 42% in a week, but high debt, tech risks, and fierce competition raise red flags. Click for our updated look at CRWV stock prospects.', '', "The stock market is off to a shaky start to 2025, with the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) index down nearly 12% from its recent all-time high.  Copilot is already integrated into Microsoft's legacy software products like Windows, the Edge internet browser, and the Bing search engine, and it's also available for the 365 productivity suite (which includes Word, PowerPoint, and Excel) for an extra monthly subscription fee.", 'The Global X Autonomous & Electric Vehicles ETF offers exposure to the growing EV and autonomous vehicle markets, despite recent tariff-induced declines. Read more on DRIV ETF.', 'For Q1 2025, Andvari is up 7.2% net of fees while the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) is down 4.3%. Click here to read the full letter. ', '(Bloomberg) -- There’s virtually nowhere to hide for many US technology companies under President Donald Trump’s new tariff regime, the harshest in a century.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?After Thursday’s slump wiped $1.4', 'A mild recession from Trumpâ\x80\x99s tariffs may lead to a 50% drop in the S&P 500. See why holding overvalued stocks is illogical in this once-in-a-decade chance.', 'Vanguard Mega Cap Growth Index Fund ETF is a top pick for high-growth AI and tech exposure. MGK focuses on a smaller number of high-growth tech stocks. See more here.', "Navigate market volatility with ease with top ETFs like Fidelity's High Dividend ETF and SPDR's S&P 500 ETF for income, growth and affordability. See more here.", 'Apple has come under pressure amid fears of tariff impacts, which are likely to be less significant than market expectations. See why AAPL stock is a Buy.', '8 high-quality dividend stocks with top return potential for 2025. Click here for a detailed analysis.', 'For the quarter, Voya Corporates Leaders Trust Fund Series B underperformed its benchmark, S&P 500 Index on a net asset value basis, primarily due to selection effects.', 'Tech stocks were pummeled Thursday following President Trump’s earlier tariff announcement, a sign of how vulnerable the sector is to a possible recession as well as to higher prices on everything from consumer goods to hardware.  The six tech companies with trillion-dollar market capitalizations (Apple, Nvidia, Microsoft, Amazon, Alphabet and Meta Platforms) lost a combined $985 billion in stock market value today.', '(Bloomberg) -- The retail traders who have stormed the markets in recent years were among the only investors buying on Thursday as US stocks had their worst day since June 2020.Most Read from BloombergHousing Agency Aims to Relocate Its DC HeadquartersMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeWhat Would ‘Transportation Abundance’ Look Like?Small investor', 'The tariff-fueled sell-off has erased over $900 billion from Magnificent Seven stocks.', "Intel and TSMC have reached a tentative agreement to shore up Intel's foundry business, according to The Information.", 'Microsoft has pulled back on data center projects around the world, Bloomberg reports, suggesting that the company is wary of expanding its cloud computing infrastructure too rapidly. Microsoft has halted talks for or delayed development sites of data centers in the U.K., Australia, North Dakota, Wisconsin, and Illinois, per Bloomberg. A spokesperson told the publication that Microsoft makes its plans years in advance and that the changes demonstrate "the flexibility of [its] strategy." As recen', 'The tariff-fueled sell-off has erased $800 billion from Magnificent Seven stocks.', "NICE's business unit, Nice Actimize, introduces X-Sight ActOne with Agentic AI, boosting fraud prevention efficiency and ensuring faster, more accurate investigations.", 'Microsoft (MSFT) has reportedly stopped or delayed data center projects across the globe, possibly signaling a reassessment of its artificial intelligence ambitions.', "U.S. President Donald Trump's sweeping reciprocal tariffs could hamstring Big Tech's billion-dollar efforts to build artificial intelligence infrastructure in the country, likely undermining a key goal of the administration, analysts said on Thursday.  Trump and technology executives have touted lofty plans by Oracle, SoftBank and others to invest heavily in artificial intelligence since his return to the White House earlier this year.  On Wednesday, Trump slapped steep duties on leading technology equipment suppliers including 34% on China, 32% on Taiwan and 25% on South Korea while imposing a 10% baseline tariff on all imports to the U.S.", 'Nvidia’s CEO Has a Plan for Tariffs. Here’s What He Said 2 Weeks Ago.', 'Discover key risks driving the recent S&P 500 selloff, from market dynamics to recession fears. Learn why further declines may hit key support levels.', 'Microsoft Pauses Key Data Center Developments Across Multiple Regions', 'ADBE shares are benefiting from strong demand for its creative products and expanding clientele amid increasing competition.', '(Bloomberg) -- Roughly $1.7 trillion was erased from the S&P 500 Index at the start of trading on Thursday amid worries that President Donald Trump’s sweeping new round of tariffs could plunge the economy into a recession.Most Read from BloombergMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Governments Vie for Fired Federal WorkersChicago School District Agrees to Minimum 16% Teacher Pay RaiseThe d', 'In “one of the first known contracts” like it, forest investment and management firm EFM will deliver 676,000 nature-based credits as 68,000 acres of forest transition to climate-smart management.', 'Technology stocks were declining premarket Thursday, with The Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund (XL', 'The guidance will establish standards for key principles including environmental integrity, monitoring, durability, and social impact, the companies said.', 'Artisan Partners, an investment management company, released its “Artisan Global Opportunities Fund” fourth quarter 2024 investor letter. A copy of the letter can be downloaded here. US equities experienced significant gains in Q4, showcasing a strong year. The portfolio showed slight weakness in Q4 but posted a strong absolute return in 2024. In the fourth […]', 'Microsoft (MSFT) has paused or delayed some data center development projects in locations including', 'The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Thursday.', "Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) is the world's largest company -- by about half a trillion dollars as I write this.  In fact, considering the current state of Apple's business and the growth trajectories of some of its competitors, I think it's highly likely that Apple will lose its title of the world's largest company within the next few years.  There are four companies that could pass Apple in that time frame.", '', 'Dow Jones Plummets 1,200 Points On Trump Tariffs; Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Plunge', 'Rachita Sundar brings a passion for learning and Fortune 500 experience scaling technology products to the experience management provider’s next growth phase.', 'XLK is exposed to megatrends that should continue to advance over the coming decades regardless of the trade war. Read why XLK ETF gets a Sell rating from me.', "The Nasdaq Composite index is home to almost every stock listed on the Nasdaq exchange, so it's typically a good proxy for the performance of the broader technology industry.  Investors are trying to digest rising uncertainty relating to global trade policies, which could affect economic growth and corporate earnings.  One stock investors might want to consider scooping up is DigitalOcean (NYSE: DOCN).", 'As concern over tariff paralysis and prospect of stickier inflation continued toÂ\xa0challenge investor confidence in historically expensive market in March, the S&P 500 dropped more than -5.6%', '', "OpenAI's user and revenue growth is set to benefit Microsoft via cloud, ownership, and Copilot integration, says Jefferies", 'Among the top 10 richest people in the world, only Bill Gates and Warren Buffett added to their fortunes in this period, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.', 'RNG stock benefits from a growing clientele, robust growth in AI initiatives and an increasing demand for its solutions.', "Since artificial intelligence (AI) caught the attention of the market beginning in November 2022, Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA) has set the bar for blockbuster growth among AI-associated stocks.  The GPU specialist posted five straight quarters of triple-digit revenue growth through fiscal 2024 and 2025, peaking at 265% in the third quarter of fiscal 2024.  The recently IPO'd CoreWeave (NASDAQ: CRWV) offered the latest reminder of the explosive growth in AI, and its recent revenue jump blew Nvidia's away.", 'Among the top 10 richest people in the world, only Bill Gates and Warren Buffett added to their fortunes in this period, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.', "CoreWeave's stock finds its footing after a muted IPO.", 'Nintendo announces it will launch its highly anticipated Switch 2 June 5.', 'OpenAI Revenue Soars 30% as ChatGPT Paid Users Hit 20M', 'Microsoft-backed ChatGPT broke usage records after new art feature launched, sparking growth in downloads and sales', 'Microsoft, Alphabet, Nvidia and Amazon are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog.', 'Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Microsoft (MSFT). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.', 'Quantum computing is becoming the next big technology to hit the markets, and there are all sorts of ways investors can take advantage of this trend.  While there are multiple pure-play quantum computing investments available, those are incredibly risky, as they already have premium valuations despite a high chance of not working out.  As a result, I think investors are better off looking at established tech players investing in quantum computing rather than a pure play.', 'Israel Englander prefers these two technology giants over Nvidia and Microsoft.', "Billionaire Bill Gates disclosed during a podcast interview that his children will inherit less than 1% of his total wealth. What Happened: Gates, during a podcast, Figuring Out With Raj Shamani, shed light on his personal beliefs regarding wealth distribution in affluent families. He stated, “In my case, my kids got a great upbringing and education but less than 1% of the total wealth because I decided it wouldn't be a favor to them.” The co-founder of Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) expressed hi", 'Just weeks after approaching its all-time high, the Nasdaq Composite is tumbling.  Concerns about new tariffs, weakening consumer sentiment, geopolitical tensions, and a stock market that was already trading at lofty valuations have investors playing defense, selling stocks, and wondering how long this pullback will last.  The members of the "Magnificent Seven" -- the much-watched group of tech megacaps comprised of Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA), Meta Platforms (NASDAQ: META), and Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) -- have almost all fallen even further.', 'Nebius Group N.V. excels with low pricing & diverse revenue, but tech risks & AI spending pullbacks loom. Read more about NBIS stock here.', "The company's initial public offering (IPO) is set to be the biggest for a tech stock in years.  Despite backing by AI giant Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA), its recent IPO was lackluster at best.  Does this signal that the AI stock boom is officially over?", 'Salesforce drives CRM innovation with AI-powered tools like Agentforce, strong financial growth, and market leadership. Read more about CRM stock here.', 'Half a century after its founding in Albuquerque, New Mexico on April 4, 1975, Microsoft (MSFT) consistently ranks as one of the world’s most valuable companies. Currently sitting on a $2.7 trillion market cap, the software company, now based in Redmond, Washington, has turned into an artificial intelligence leader.', "Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) is one of the world's leading suppliers of chips for data centers, personal computers, and even cars.  The data center business is the company's main focus right now, as it tries to compete with Nvidia in the market for graphics processing units (GPUs), which are used to develop artificial intelligence (AI).  AMD has won several of Nvidia's top customers since launching its first AI GPU, Instinct MI300 series, in late 2023, and it continues to release new versions with more processing power.", "U.S. stock index futures dropped on Wednesday as investors awaited details of U.S. President Donald Trump's tariff plans to assess their impact on the global economy, corporate earnings and financial...", 'Trump’s Liberation Day Is Here. What Stock Markets Need From the Tariffs Announcement and 5 Other Things to Know Today.', 'Copyright © Emerce 2023At a valuation of three hundred billion dollars, OpenAI will receive forty billion dollars of growth money. Although Microsoft does join in, it is Softbank that expands its...', "Artificial intelligence (AI) stocks have been some of the top performers on Wall Street over the last few years.  So, let's review two of the largest and best-known AI stocks -- Oracle (NYSE: ORCL) and Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) -- and see which is the best choice for investors right now.  As the AI revolution has gained steam, so has Oracle's stock.", '(Bloomberg) -- Artificial intelligence coding startup Replit Inc. is in talks with investors for a new funding round that would almost triple its valuation to $3 billion, according to people familiar with the matter, underscoring Silicon Valley investors’ appetite for companies using AI for software development. Most Read from BloombergWhat Frank Lloyd Wright Learned From the DesertMetro-North Is Faster Than Acela on NYC-New Haven Route After Signal UpdatesLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More Hig', 'The Fund returned 13.42%, reflecting performance at the net asset value of Class I shares with all distributions reinvested for the quarter ended December 31, 2024.', 'Stocks ended mostly higher today, though not in any inspiring fashion - more like the way a snake clears a hurdle.', 'We recently published a list of 10 Best US Stocks To Buy For Foreign Investors. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other best American stocks to buy. In the coming week, the resilience of the US stock market will be challenged as President Trump’s […]', 'Bloomberg\'s Seth Fiegerman explains OpenAI\'s complex new funding round that values the company at $300 billion and makes SoftBank the biggest backer of the ChatGPT maker. He speaks with Caroline Hyde on "Bloomberg Technology."', "ChatGPT crosses 20M paid subscribers as OpenAI's projected revenue triples in new valuation round", 'Investing.com -- Last week’s broken IPO for CoreWeave Inc (NASDAQ:CRWV) is finding its footing Tuesday.', 'Is it time to buy the Magnificent Seven after a rough quarter?', 'CoreWeave Stock Rebounds From Selloff. Count On More Volatility.', 'Wedbush analyst Matt Bryson told CNBC yesterday that he’s “definitely confident” that Nvidia (NVDA) will meet its guidance, while the company’s “new chips are getting where they need to be.” On the other hand, he suggested that Microsoft (MSFT) may be spending less than expected on NVDA’s chips and indicated that investors have become less […]', 'Amazon, Meta Platforms, Microsoft, Apple, Alphabet, Tesla and Nvidia are part of the Zacks Investment Ideas article.', 'MSFT expands Copilot+ across platforms, while its AI business grows 175% YoY. Consider waiting for pullbacks in 2025 as the current valuation limits upside.', 'Microsoft will get a boost to the value of its stake in ChatGPT-maker but there are complicated negotiations to come over OpenAI’s transition to a for-profit company.', "OpenAI's latest funding round has propelled the startup beyond other unicorns to the rank of the highest valued private company in the world.", 'Tesla Short Bets Soar to 81M Shares as Stock Plummets 32% YTD', 'The sell-off in Microsoft looks overdone, one Wall Street analyst contends.', "Recent developments in Cloud AI highlight the evolving role of Kubernetes in enhancing cloud, edge, and bare metal deployments, with a focus on security and operational efficiency. Sidero Labs has been recognized as a Fast Mover and Challenger in the 2025 GigaOm Radar Reports for its capabilities in managed Kubernetes and edge computing solutions. The company's Omni platform simplifies enterprise Kubernetes management through centralized control, security features, and support for...", 'Shares of Apple, Nvidia, and Microsoft have exploded in recent years, as investors poured money into stocks that were best positioned to take advantage of the rise in artificial intelligence (AI).  The U.S. government is also running a fiscal deficit, where spending during a fiscal year exceeds revenue.', "Nike, Microsoft share gains lead Dow's 114-point climb", "Despite Apple's minor rebound from recent lows, the stock is still down over 10% for the year. Find out 3 reasons to avoid AAPL.", 'Harvest Portfolio Management chief investment officer and Wall Street Beats partner Paul Meeks is on a self-described tech stock buying strike. Meeks joins Wealth with Julie Hyman to explain why, discuss macro conditions, examine the tech landscape, and more.To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here.', '(Bloomberg) -- In a quarter marred by tariff uncertainty, US government spending cuts and the threat of recession, it is fears about a bubble brewing in artificial intelligence that have dealt the latest blow to the Nasdaq 100.Most Read from BloombergWhat Frank Lloyd Wright Learned From the DesertGold-Rush Fever Returns to Historic New Zealand Mining TownBank Regulators Fight for Desks as OCC Returns to New York TowerLondon Clears Final Hurdle for More High-Speed Trains to EuropeLocal Government', 'As the Q4 earnings season comes to a close, it’s time to take stock of this quarter’s best and worst performers in the automation software industry, including Appian (NASDAQ:APPN) and its peers.', "The Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (NYSEMKT: VOO) tracks the performance of the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX: ^GSPC) index, which is made up of 500 companies from 11 different sectors of the economy.  The S&P 500 has delivered a compound annual return of 10.5% since it was established in 1957, but it's coming off an especially strong year in 2024 with a total gain of 25% (including dividends).  Unfortunately, 2025 is off to a weak start with the index declining by 8.7% from its recent all-time high, as investors try to navigate growing uncertainty about global trade, which could significantly impact economic growth.", 'OpenAI said on Monday it would raise up to $40 billion in a new funding round led by SoftBank Group at a $300 billion valuation to advance AI research, expand computational infrastructure and enhance...', "Apple's financial strength, brand loyalty, and innovation-led growth make it a resilient, defensive tech stock amid high-interest rates. See more on AAPL stock.", 'STORY: OpenAI says it will raise $40 billion in new funding to help drive research. The ChatGPT maker said Monday the new fundraising round would be led by SoftBank. A...', '(Reuters) -OpenAI said on Monday it would raise up to $40 billion in a new funding round led by SoftBank Group at a $300 billion valuation to advance AI research, expand computational infrastructure and enhance its tools.  SoftBank plans to syndicate out $10 billion of its total investment to other co-investors it did not name.  A person familiar with the matter told Reuters that the remainder of the funding would come from Microsoft, Coatue Management, Altimeter Capital and Thrive Capital.', 'The company processes 84 trillion threat signals daily and detected over 30 billion phishing emails in 2024.', 'In the closing of the recent trading day, Microsoft (MSFT) stood at $375.39, denoting a -0.9% change from the preceding trading day.', '', 'Several "Magnificent Seven" stocks are facing pressure, including Amazon (AMZN), Nvidia (NVDA), Microsoft (MSFT), and Tesla (TSLA), amid a sell-off in the market. Market Domination host Josh Lipton and Wall Street Horizon head of corporate event research Christine Short discuss the stock moves and shifts in investor sentiment. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination\xa0here.', 'Microsoft (MSFT) and Qatar Investment Authority-backed Builder.ai lowered sales figures it shared wi', 'Is Microsoft a buy or perhaps even a sell in March?  This story on the legendary growth company examines key measures such as profits and sales, relative strength in the market, and the quantity and quality of fund ownership in Microsoft stock.  Last week, Microsoft stock sank more than 3% in light weekly trade.', 'Calling the recent pullback of tech names in general and AI stocks in particular “a huge multiyear buying opportunity,” Ivan Feinseth, Chief Investment Officer of Tigress Financial, is very enthusiastic about AI. He is bullish on Nvidia (NVDA), Microsoft (MSFT), Meta (META), and Oklo (OKLO). Feinseth Identifies “Key AI Plays” “People have said that (AI) […]', 'We recently published a list of 10 Debt Free Halal Stocks to Invest in Right Now. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other debt free halal stocks to invest in right now. Debt-Free Halal Stocks to Invest in Amid High Interest Rates The current […]', "Alphabet Inc.'s search dominance faces challenges from AI competition and ad struggles. Click for why GOOGLâ\x80\x99s rhetoric about being an AI company is unrealistic", 'The Magnificent Seven stocks have led the market lower this year - are they finally cheap enough to start buying?', 'Two longtime investors recently told CNBC that Amazon (AMZN) and Microsoft (MSFT) represent good buys at their current levels. The Weakness of AMZN and MSFT Is Unjustified, Ethridge Says Malcolm Ethridge, the Managing Partner of Capital Area Planning Group, recently purchased more AMZN stock and MSFT stock. The declines of both names are unwarranted and […]', "Stock Market Today: Dow Jones Up As New Trump Stock Rockets; 'Secret' Warren Buffett Stock Clears Entry  (Live Coverage)", 'OpenAI is planning to release its first open-weight language model with reasoning capabilities since GPT-2 in the coming months, CEO Sam Altman said on Monday. The company will speak...', "Lambda CEO Stephen Balaban says the long-term demand for compute is already priced in but he sees more compute demand coming as evidenced by OpenAI's image generation popularity. He joins Caroline...", 'AMD CEO Lisa Su pushes back on the AI slowdown narrative.', 'Impax Large Cap Fundâ\x80\x99s equities posted marginally positive returns during a fourth quarter that was dominated by the US presidential elections and its ramifications.', 'Bill Gates said he wanted his children to discover their own success instead of being "overshadowed" by the good fortune of their father.', 'ChatGPT, OpenAI’s text-generating AI chatbot, has taken the world by storm since its launch in November 2022. What started as a tool to supercharge productivity through writing essays and code with short text prompts has evolved into a behemoth with 300 million weekly active users. 2024 was a big year for OpenAI, from its partnership with Apple for its generative AI offering, Apple Intelligence, the release of GPT-4o with voice capabilities, and the highly-anticipated launch of its text-to-video', "TikTok will go offline on April 5 unless it's sold.", "TYL's deal with Hillsborough County is another strategic win, reinforcing its role as a trusted partner for public sector modernization.", 'Just after sunrise on Saturday, a satellite set its long-range camera on the city of Mandalay in Myanmar, not far from the epicenter of Friday’s 7.7 magnitude earthquake that devastated the...', 'We recently published a list of 10 AI Stocks Dominating the News This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other AI stocks dominating the news this week. Elon Musk and OpenAI have jointly proposed to fast-track their trial over OpenAI’s transition to a […]', "Although GameStop is back in the news, advisor Barry Ritholtz isn't taking the bait.", "There aren't many technology companies that can claim they've been a leader in artificial intelligence (AI), but Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) can do so easily.  Microsoft has been gaining on Amazon for years and now has 21% of the market, compared to Amazon's 30%.The cloud was important before artificial intelligence came along, but AI has vastly expanded its value.", '', 'The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Monday.', 'The Hartford Large Cap Growth ETF outperformed the Russell 1000 Growth Index during the quarter. Read more here.', "CoreWeave, Inc.'s IPO debuted below expectations, but its $11.9B OpenAI deal and scalable growth capacity highlight potential. Click for more on the CRWV offering.", "Big Tech is set to spend hundreds of billions of dollars in capital expenditures and investments this year, much of which will be directed toward building giant data centers around the US to power artificial intelligence. But Trump's tariffs would push those costs higher, analysts told Yahoo Finance.", 'CoreWeave Stock Can’t Hold $40. It Picked a Tough Time to IPO.', "NVIDIA Corp., Amazon.com Inc. share losses lead Dow's 400-point fall", "See how Nvidia Corporation's AI revolution drives 1,773% revenue growth. Learn about its market dominance, risks, & why it's a top pick. Click for more on NVDA.", 'A version of this article originally appeared in Quartz’s members-only Weekend Brief newsletter. Quartz members get access to exclusive newsletters and more. Sign up here.', 'These stalwart investments for the Gates Foundation are a growing portion of its portfolio.', 'Microsoft delivered strong Q2 FY25 results, with revenue up YoY, driven by growth across core segments. Learn why MSFT stock is a Buy.', 'Stanley Druckenmiller was one of the most successful hedge fund managers in American history, earning an annual return of 30% over a three-decade period.  Microsoft is the biggest enterprise software vendor and second biggest public cloud in the world as measured by revenue.  The OpenAI deal has made Microsoft Azure the cloud platform of choice for generative AI services.', 'Trump Tariffs Are a Nightmare for Stock Markets. Next Quarter Could Be More Terrifying and 5 Other Things to Know Today.', "U.S. stock index futures tumbled on Monday as investors avoided risky assets on fears that the Trump administration's sweeping tariff plans set to be unveiled this week will hurt the global economy. ...", 'For Q4 2024, the John Hancock U.S. Growth Fund underperformed the benchmark Russell 1000 Growth Index. Click here to read the full commentary. ', '', "Apple's recent moves in AI infrastructure could bode well for Nvidia.", 'We recently published a list of Top 10 Growth Stocks in David Tepper’s Portfolio. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other top growth stocks in David Tepper’s Portfolio. Buy “everything” related to China has been David Tepper’s investment theme despite the uncertainties about the […]', '', 'We recently published a list of Billionaire Ken Fisher’s Top 13 Growth Stock Picks. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other Billionaire Ken Fisher’s top growth stock picks. “Who am I to tell you anything, much less anything that counts? Or that there are […]', 'Discover our focused portfolio of 12 global high-quality stocks & Bitcoin.', "Discover three top stock picks for navigating 2025's market turmoil as a new administration reshapes the government.", '', "At first blush, some investors might overlook this throwback tech stock, assuming that it wouldn't have performed well in the age of artificial intelligence (AI).  Not only has it outperformed the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite handily, it has also outpaced some of the most prominent stocks within those indexes.  As of this writing, its shares have generated a total return of 34% over the last three years -- more or less matching the total returns of both the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite.", 'Wall Street strategists are revising their S&P forecasts, yet the outlook for the "Magnificent Seven" remains largely overlooked. T. Rowe Price science and technology equity strategy portfolio manager Tony Wang joins Morning Brief to discuss the future of the tech trade and the impact of artificial intelligence (AI)–driven investments on stock performance. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief\xa0here.', 'Billionaire hedge fund manager Bill Ackman owns just one AI stock, and it\'s a member of the "Magnificent Seven."', 'We recently published a list of 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next 3 Months. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other best stocks to buy for the next 3 months. The year 2025 began with the surprise announcement of DeepSeek AI, launched […]', 'US equities had another positive quarter, with the S&P 500 Index returning 2.41% and our primary benchmark, the Russell 1000 Growth Index, returning 7.07%.', 'Quantum computing stocks are taking a hit as the Nasdaq Composite continues to slide.', 'The John Hancock Corporate Bond ETF outperformed its benchmark, the Bloomberg U.S. Corporate Bond. Click here to read the full commentary. \nIndex.', '', 'We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Gaming Stocks to Invest In According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against the other gaming stocks. The gaming industry has experienced significant changes over the past few years. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the […]', 'While known for its Google search engine, Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG) has a strong collection of businesses.  Google is still its prized possession and for good reason.  While there are a number of AI-powered competitors looking to make inroads, none have the scale of users or network of advertisers that Google has.', 'According to Amazon CEO Andy Jassy, "Generative AI may be the largest technology transformation since the cloud (which itself, is still in the early stages), and perhaps since the internet."  Wall Street has taken notice: Many AI, or AI-adjacent companies, have been on fire for the past two years, but they recently collectively took a bit of a dive due to industry-specific issues.  Earlier this year, a China-based company called DeepSeek developed an AI chatbot with far less money and resources than some of the leaders in the field, which rocked the industry.', '', '', 'Arista Networks leads in AI connectivity despite trade tensions. Learn why ANET stock is a compelling buy with strong growth and attractive valuation.', '', 'There are well-heeled stock investors who believe in holding a tightly concentrated portfolio, and those more comfortable with a long list of diversified titles.  Judging by the charity-focused investment vehicle that bears his surname, Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) co-founder and former CEO Bill Gates belongs firmly in the first camp.  The three ranked by total dollar value as of the end of 2024 are Microsoft, Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.A)(NYSE: BRK.B), and Waste Management (NYSE: WM).', '', "Amazon's growth driven by 3rd party sales, ads, and cloud. AMZN stock trades at fair value now, with potential 95% upside on realistic growth. See more here.", 'Trump\'s "Liberation Day" tariffs are causing market uncertainty and stagflation fears.', "Bill Gates once expressed a deep concern about Microsoft’s future (NASDAQ:MSFT) when he stepped down as CEO in 2000. He worried the company might lose its famed standard of excellence and that the chance to guide it back might one day be missed. Even as he moved toward focusing on his philanthropic work, those early misgivings lingered in his mind. Despite the anxiety, Microsoft has charted an impressive course over the years. Don't Miss: Are you rich? Here’s what Americans think you need to be", 'The AI start-up priced its stock at $40, well below recent expectations for $47 to $55 a share. The listing has been seen as a test for both AI and the market for new stock.', 'The CoreWeave IPO priced at $40 a share, well below the official range. The Nvidia-backed cloud-computing startup tests demand for AI stocks.', 'A stipulation of the funding round, led by SoftBank, is adding pressure to OpenAI’s efforts to convert to a for-profit company.', "The company's debt-fueled business model make it a poor proxy for gauging AI enthusiasm more broadly.", 'CoreWeave\'s biggest equity holder, Magnetar, doesn\'t plan to divest any of its stake following the compute-provider\'s IPO. David Snyderman, Magnetar\'s Senior Managing Partner, speaks with Caroline Hyde on "Bloomberg Technology".', 'Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first two months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been mostly negative thus far.', "CoreWeave's shares closed flat after opening nearly 3% below their offer price in its Nasdaq debut on Friday, giving the Nvidia-backed AI infrastructure firm a valuation of $23 billion on a fully...", 'The CoreWeave IPO priced at $40 a share, well below the official range. The Nvidia-backed cloud-computing startup tests demand for AI stocks.', 'OpenAI must transition to a for-profit company by the end of the year to secure the full $40 billion funding led by SoftBank it is in the final stages of raising, a person familiar with the matter...', 'The AI cloud computing provider CoreWeave made its debut on the Nasdaq Friday under the ticker CRWV. The stock fell around 6% immediately after shares began trading but pared losses to end the trading session.', 'The AI cloud computing provider CoreWeave made its debut on the Nasdaq Friday under the ticker CRWV. The stock fell around 6% immediately after shares began trading before reversing direction.', 'More than 90% of the analysts covering these stocks have them rated Buy. That raises the risk of downgrades if they disappoint.', 'The AI start-up priced its stock at $40, well below recent expectations for $47 to $55 a share. The listing has been seen as a test for both AI and the market for new stock.', 'OpenAI must transition to afor-profit company by the end of the year to receive the $40billion the ChatGPT-maker is in the final stages of raising, TheWall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing...', 'CoreWeave is not seeing an AI demand slowdown.', 'March 28 - * OPENAI HAS TO SUCCESSFULLY RESTRUCTURE INTO A FOR-PROFITCOMPANYBY THE END OF THE YEAR TO GET LATEST FUNDING - WSJSource text: https://on.wsj.com/3FIsRGRFurther company...', 'ADBE shares are benefiting from strong demand for its creative products and expanding clientele amid increasing competition and stretched valuation.', "Discover Thornburg Income Builder Opportunities Trust with a 7.05% yield, European focus, and discount to NAV. Click to see if TBLD's diversification is for you.", 'Investing.com -- CoreWeave priced its IPO Thursday evening, and as expected, the pricing was lackluster.', 'Celebrating its 25th anniversary this year, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is one of the largest philanthropic organizations in the world.  To support its efforts at facilitating improvements in the lives of people around the world, the foundation, which has provided more than $77 billion in funding from its inception through 2023, manages the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust, which is currently valued at around $42 billion.  Combined, Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK.A)(NYSE: BRK.B), and Waste Management (NYSE: WM) make up 65% of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust.', 'Microsoft, Open Text and ACI Worldwide are part of the Zacks Industry Outlook article.', 'Finding strong, market-beating stocks with a positive earnings outlook becomes easier with the Focus List, a top feature of the Zacks Premium portfolio service.', 'We recently published a list of the 10 AI Stocks Making Headlines This Week. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other AI stocks that are making headlines this week. China is aggressively working to close the AI competitiveness gap with the United States. According […]', 'Dow down 739 points on losses in shares of Amazon.com Inc., Nike', 'Contextualizing auto tariff news for investors, tech sluggishness, Novo Nordisk, GameStop slide. Gold, Bitcoin, volatility and inflation.', "Fermyon Technologies and Akamai have announced a partnership to introduce edge-native serverless and AI applications by combining Fermyon's WebAssembly (Wasm) Functions engine with Akamai's extensive globally distributed cloud and content delivery network. This collaboration aims to significantly enhance application performance by enabling faster, more efficient, and developer-friendly environments for latency-sensitive and AI inferencing applications. By integrating WebAssembly...", "The company describes its Embold Virtual Assistant as a 'next-generation' care navigation tool.", 'The trillion-dollar club could be joined by an emerging cloud infrastructure player in the coming years.', 'Q4 2024 VirTra Inc Earnings Call', 'CoreWeave IPO Prices Low As Nvidia-Backed Startup Faces Weak AI Stock Demand', "CoreWeave, Inc.'s IPO faces challenges with outdated GPUs, mounting debt, and reliance on Microsoft. Click for our first look at the CRWV IPO as it begins trading.", "You'll find a lot of big AI stocks at the top of the S&P 500, but this custom silicon creator is notably absent.", ''], None, '7')
